don't you recognise my question mark face? Lizzie from F. Hows yer summer?A birdie told me it was you day of birth.

http://lizziemalcolm.com/al.htmlAye I know! It's quite bad timing for work so it looks unlikely, although a last minute flight is possible if we're ahead of shedule. Gutted though, I love being a lazy turd in Ascain, drinking wine and persuading the oldies to stay up past 10pm.Back to scotland in a few weeks so hopefully see you for family meal, xxHey AL, sorry for the late reply - hope you had a good one too. Lets try to coordinate the next time we are both in the motherland... Christmas was nice but pretty quiet without the Meldrum ladz!

Peace,

LizzieWedding looked barry cuz! Looking forward to seeing you soon - back at Xmas? 

Lizzie xYoyoyoyoyo cus,

Someone reminded me (my mother, not Facebook) that is is your 30th today. Sooooo, happy birthday!

Hope you are getting suitably fucked or something....

Hope to see you again soon, and meet your wife!

Lizzie xHey cus!

Dan and I are in Edinburgh this Saturday, are you and Sheree free for a drink? 

XxxWe've got dinner plans so it might be a bit rushed, we're back for work in September though. Also, come and visit! We've got a new hoose with a spare bedroom.Hey cus... Mum asked me to make a random secret santa, you have your Mum!in other news, Dan and I are joining the married club...!Ali! Oh man, we are neck deep in Dan's application process and it is turning out to be much harder than expected so I think it is better if we cancel tonight. Tomorrow we are going to see other Auntie Morag in Dundee so it might have to wait until after we get back from the hike! Really sorry to be flaky but I'm sure you understand the stress of dealing with the Home Office ;)At least we'll be living in Scotland so it won't be so difficult to go for a pint!Happy birthday Arline! That cakeEh I mean ArloLove it! Miss you guys xxhahahaha!Hello Ms.Cargill,

A little ginger birdie has informed me that it will be your birthday this weekend and said birdie also suggested that I come to your party on Saturday night as I will be in your hood.

I wanted to make sure this was fine with you, as I may also have a tag along...?

PEACE!

Lizzie, Betty, Ms.MalcolmSweet! LizzieIt was so much fun! And great to meet Paul, hope it's not too long till we can all party again!David Lynch & drinks

I live at 3 Spruce Street, anyone up for watching a film? I figured the 'RISD exchange page' has died.

Lizzieayeeeeee

<http://www.google.com/maps?f=d&source=s_d&saddr=3+Spruce+St,+Providence,+RI+02903&daddr=2+College+St,+Providence,+RI+02903&hl=en&geocode=&dirflg=r&ie=UTF8&t=h&time=11:36am&date=2/24/09&start=0>actually thats a really strange route I sent, I'm sure you can google maps it o, around 8.30/9 is cool,

LizzieHey man, Fred gave me one of those books you bought, not sure if you meant us to get one - but thanks anyway! Good luck in the US, was cool to hang out, Lizzie n DanYo Eric, FB tells me you are at Yale? for how long? I'll be there on Monday and Tuesday.maybe we can grab a coffeeActually I applied for the master's so I have an interview, I want to study some moreI'll be in New York wed-fri, will you be there?yeah, I did an interview on Monday. Not quite sure what to make of it right now, I'll fill you in! Wanna meet for coffee / beer tomorrow afternoon? Are you at Google this week?But tomorrow is Friday! Let's do a beer a bit later on, you name the time, I'm flexible. I'm having lunch at Google with a family friend then just going to explore. Let me know what suits, Lizzieyo, does Spritzenhause at 17:30 sound good to you?wait, that is actually hard for me to get to in time. How about we meet in the middle:d.b.a. in the East Villiage?Ah cool, I'll head down there then. Do you know somewhere nearby?Cool, in 40mins work for you?5 mins awayHey Eric, was good to hang out in NY, I'm back in NL now, it's flat! Just a heads up – Dan told me the info about Dimi being unwell is supposed to be private, so please keep it under you hat. Let us know when you are next in town too, Lizziehey hey Eric! I would love to come to the beach on Saturday but I will be in Scotland. Dan is up for it though. 

But if you are out and about during the week let us know, it's going to be sunny!Can you come by on Friday? We're going to go to and exhibition from my students at KABK at 15:30, you could come by at 14:30?and join the exhibition!Hey Jamie, 
I'm on the scrounge, now that I am very skint I have to chase up all the random £5's that I was owed from Northumberland petrol... I know it seems anal but it adds up to quite a lot,

I'll just see you at school or something,

Thhaaannkksss and good luck with the meeting!

Lizzie xYeah sounds right, sorry for the hounding! 

The remnants of that 14% wine has been my unwanted guest all day. booooo

Lizzie xJust watching K2: The Ultimate High, never seen it before

AMAZING.

We must buy neon/pastel 90's gear, it is beyond excellent, and i also from now on demand a boombox playing suitably intense electric guitar shedding when I am climbing.

Lizzie xHello jamieeee,

I've e-mailed that bigclive guy and I'm going to get in touch with someone at the Uni too, do you know anyone specifically or do you think I should just e-mail anyone at the department and maybe they can point me in the right direction?

Peacccce,

Liz Biz xHeloooo,

I have to go to an auction thing for Jude at 7 so don't think I can make it... going tomorrow though,

It is 3 degrees plus - Everywhere, no ice for me, gutted!

Lizzie xYay! Thanks... see you later on xYou fancy going to offshore when school shuts?at 5 today?Hellooo,

I think I could sacrifice some nightlife for that many mountains! I am getting seriously worried about not being able to take part in winter climbing. I am honestly not exaggerating, I won't be able to look at any photographs of other people without being JEALOUS, and it's only bloody August!

I don't have a flat or a flight and I'm getting a bit lazy about it! I've just been chilling at home, doing some running in the Pentlands but my parents are away now so it's getting boring, should be in Glas at the weekend onwards so pint at Uisge Beathaadhalfbq prfgqirefhq?

Hope all works out with the job, did the interview go well? When they said "Do you have any questions for us?" did you say "When can I start?"  I hope so.

Peace,

Lizzie xHeloo,

Donny said you got the job in Die Schweiz, amazing! I wish my job was surrounded by amazing climbing etc.

When you off then? I think I am leaving next Saturday, you going to be up North before then? 

I am currently bed-ridden from Boomtown. It was amazing but much narcotics were consumed on Friday night. I thought I was having the worst comedown in history but it turns out I got a gastric virus so spent the rest of the weekend in my tent being violently ill. Donny, Danny and Andy came to check up on me every so often in various states of fucked-up-ness!

I voted for your project too, I like what you uploaded it looks nice and sharp.

Lizzie xThat does sound very appealing, I hope I manage a trad fix before I leave too.

Also I wanted to say the Kimbie CD was listened to many a time on the journey, tis class.

I think I'll come through on Friday so gie you a bell,

Lizzzie xSounds good, THE DONS might be around too,

Give me a bellerino,

Lizzie xYeah I know, I wanted something to happen too, I don't know, maybe it's hard to cross the friend thing. I can be difficult with these things too... Maybe if we're both single in the same place again, who knows...

Today was fun, quite scary though, going from being knowledgeable at college to a complete newbie will be a shock, but it's all healthy! Just had some weird dutch dinner in my weird Dutch hostel, trying to resist the temptation to work some more tonight, think I'll just watch some braindead TV instead.

Speak soon and let me know how all the interviews work out and where you'll be jetting off to!

Lizzie xHey-ooo,

My flat is ok, nice room but slightly boring flat-mates, the people at work are really cool though and we've been spending time drinking a lot of Grolsh after work! 

You feeling any better? Do tell of interview news...

Lizzie x

ps. The giant backpack has gone!!!Yay, that's cool, you'll be glad to start I bet. Such a cool city and it'll be warmer for a while I guess?

Everything is going well here, although I just had quite a dramatic bike home. Basically I had a fight with the tram lines and they DEFINITELY won. Ruined trousers and very unsightly knees! More visually dramatic than painful I think, they wanted to take me to "ziekenhuis, ziekenhuis!"

The job is awesome but I really really don't want to leave once my internship is up, but really I should relax and just enjoy it.

You're going to have a ball, and I would say work hard, but you know you will!

Peace,

Lizzie xEEEEP, hello!

Yeah I know, Thom and Emily, can't say I am surprised but it's shame, hope he is ok. Was the decision completely Ems?

I am gooooood, feel like I have been here for ages now. Totally settled in. It is tough being an intern though, you have to walk a fine line between being cocky and being too shy. It's a case of finding the right moment I think. Done some good work I think but you're like me, I'll never be fully happy. I want to blow them awaaaaaay!

I really love living by the beach, been running along the shore (when I haven't been smoking) and enjoying the fresh air in the evenings. I'm off to Rotterdam tomorrow to a party, do you remember that weird Dutch guy Bart that was at GSA for a while? He is having a party so I'm going!

I really miss everyone too, your trip to Glasgow does sound really good, how's Dumby Don and Donny?

You'll probably get really bored before you leave but just enjoy the downtime, learn how to Bullfight maybe...?

Peacccccce,

Lizzie xxJamie I am in a music black hole, any new suggestions?? Sound Cloud mixes?

Peace down South in the Spain,

Lizzie xHeyyy,

Thanks so much! That should keep me going for a while!

Yeah all is busy here, my job today is to hack into the new Xbox KINETIC so we can use it for installations etc. It's a crazy piece of kit.

Are you still having fun? I haven't done much climbing here, the nearby wall is always packed when I have time to go, bit of a pain. I am back from 23rd to 3rd, don't have any NY plans, maybe we should organize a party in Glasgae?

Peeeeeeeeeace

Lizzie xHey jim jamie,

Are you in G-land already? i think I will head through tomorrow around 5, I will bring lots of beerz and winez.

Liz Biz xYo Yo Yo,

Yeah all is good here - Paris was fun and got a big job for Audi on the go right now so busy too.

That's cool about your girlfriend in NY, is it the one you met when you were there for a job? I remember you saying you guys clicked a lot. Can't you transfer there? ;-)

I made a bit of an error by getting involved with Dan my colleague (i think you met him). It's super weird because no one else in the studio knows yet and I don't know how my bosses will react, we'll see in due course I guess. These things don't stay secret for long!

I hadn't planned to come to the degree show but I saw some cheap flights so I'm now considering a last minute trip.

I'll let you know as it would be cool to catch up and here what you're working on.

Peace in BCN!

Lizzie xHow was the degree show amigo? I am jealous that I wasn't there, boo hoo.

LizzieJamie!

Very long time no speak, how is life with you? Still living in NY? It must be great, at least compared to The Hague...

All is well with me here, I left LUST last year to start my own studio http://openwork.net, which was scary but I am really enjoying it, although it is quite a lot of work! 

I'm thinking about going to Patagonia next year to do some hiking and I remembered you were there, is that right? I'd love to find out how you went about it, the Internet has too much conflicting advice.

I've got Andy, Donald, and Seb coming over this month for Dekmantel festival, really looking forward to seeing them all, brings back memories of Glasgow dayz.

Peace and love!

Lizzie xHey Jamie,

This was SUCH a helpful email, thanks for all the info and sorry it took me so long to reply. We're planning to go in March 2016, but I have to train Dan a bit first I think, he's more a sofa adventurer! 

I was reminded because today is your bday! Hope you have a good one, it's only 29, right?

Peace,

Lizzie xHappy birthday Jamie! Everything good with you? Still in ?Well, funnily enough I am currently applying to do a masters at Yale, so we might be moving to CT for a few years, not far from you! 

And I'd love to come and meet you for a beer in Adam next week. You there for business or pleasure?

LizzieAh shit, we just arrive back from Lisbon today and going to Glasgow on Friday so I'll miss you. What are the chances.Have a great workshop though!If I get an interview at Yale Dan and I will come to NYC in March – so I'd really like to catch up then. Where will you be on Hogmanay this year?lizzie xJamie! I'll be in NYC 28 Feb to 4 Mar, let's catch up! I guess you will be working during the days?I'm in! and Dan!an engraved swiss army knife!yessent you the money for Dan and meOn our way!yo yo! Do you know Ronald's address? I have to send him my contract but there are no contact details on it...

Here's another RunRig gem for you

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEnP8F9HSFIyou guys have a good trip!Hey man,

Just wondering if you ever spoke to Ronald by e-mail, I really need him to send me his proof of ownership document so I can sign in. I need to get him to read this

http://en.denhaag.nl/en/residents/to/Proof-of-Occupancy.htm

Have a good British pint for me ;)

LizzieJoe! Can you send me your e-mail address?Hope to see you at New Yearyo yo joe joe, what is your snail mail address?Cool beans, it'll be sent this weekend!joe joe joe! Did you get our invitation in the end? Hope you can make it!grrrrreat!Hey Jess! Can I have your email address for a (probably obvious) invitation for you and Ali?Well actually, maybe I can skip the "save the date" email and ask for your address instead! My mum says paper invites are importantThe "wedding ceilidh" is 2 July, hope you both can make it, also to teach the Americans all the dances!Yes, the same day in Edinburgh at the registry office, just a small thing. I wanted a big ceilidh because it's a such a good way to celebrate!hey hey Jess & Ali... hope you can come :) http://lizzie-dan.wedding/Super!
my address is:
Weteringkade 21
2515AK Den Haag
NederlandMeery Christmas! Yeah it all went ok, although I was glad to get out of Schiphol, it was a bit manic. People crying / running / being angry...

Nice to be home and people are feeding me lots of booze and buying me warm jumpers. 

Have a lovely day!
Lizzard xyo flo!

I think this looks quite a good deal for 300, it's my perfect height. What ya think?

Peaaaaaaaaaaaaace,

Lizziebaaaaaaaah its too hot!!!!fanks! its sunnyget back to worksuuuuupeverything going ok there?yeah it's really nice, I'm cycling to bayonne tomorrowtoo many old people though:)yeah, it;s not too far about 90km round tripjust need a few mars barsyou're not still in the studio are you?I felt kind of rough - I saw Edwin and Fosca on the way therethey looked fine!oh dear - too much grappaaaaaglad you know about Dan and I too, i figured you would find out in Scotland anyway so might as well let you in the loop ;)yup! I'm scared to tell Thomas thoughwhen I got back from Pompidouwe've talked about it with Annika and she is cool.... yeahyeah i know!we already made strict rules about the studio etci didn't want to say anything until we decided if it was really somethingok doke - I bettter get some rest before cycling, we can have a beer and a laugh in DH - are you around on Sat night?I wanna Paas, I'll give you a textyeah and have an AWESOME timeyou deserve it!tot zo!i'll need it after all the fags xyo yo

What are you and Vara up to tonight - wanna hang out with me and Annie and Fred?

Lizzieyo yo, lemme know if you guys go for a run still today? lizziecool, @ le plage?No that's coolWhere you leaving from?Yeah cool, there at 17:20? I am also a little fragile ;)Hey Jenni, sorry this took me so long to reply, I've not seen my Facebook messages.

That's cool you're moving to The Hague, which hospital are you working at, MCH westeinde?

When I first moved (18 months ago) I found a room on Kamernet.nl – you have to pay a small amount for it but it's worth it because you mostly avoid scammers. It is also ex-pat friendly.

I stayed in a hostel for a few days when I arrived, an easy one is Stay OK Den Haag www.stayokay.com/denhaag

It's pretty cheap but I also got a private room because I was starting work right away!

Getting a bike is very easy - if you get a second hand one from a shop it's about 50-100 Euros, the shops are also everywhere. I'll send you a few locations.

Let me know how you get on, I can help you with any translations. We could meet for a coffee when you arrive if you'd like to have a chat.

Lizzieyeah sounds great, I work pretty close to Stay Ok so send me a mail,

LizzieHey Jenni,

Sorry I just arrived back from a road trip this weekend, feel like a coffee tomorrow evening after work? Around 6?

LizzieAh sorry sorry, it turns out I have an evaluation at work which I know will turn into bonding beers - is it cool if we move it to tomorrow? 

Where is you new house? You moved out of stayOK already right?

Sorry again!

Hope you're settling in so far, 

Lizziecool I'll be in touch tomorrowYo! Still on for today? This is a nice bar quite close to you

http://maps.google.com/maps/place?q=de+oude+mol+den+haag&hl=en&cid=12899691824517907457

See you there at 6.30?

LizzieYo Yo!

I think the plan is to meet at O'Caseys at about 4.30

http://maps.google.com/maps?daddr=Noordeinde+140,+2514+GP+The+Hague,+Netherlands&hl=en&cid=0,0,11514245282604922649&fb=1&hq=o'casey's&hnear=0x47c5b72f4298bd71:0x400de5a8d1e6c10,The+Hague,+The+Netherlands&geocode=0,52.08235,4.305594&t=m&z=16

I'll text you tomorrow to confirm, my number is 0681879473 by the way :)

Dooie,

LizzieHey stud ;)

Fancy pizzzza and movies at our hoose on Friday?yeah sounds coooolYO YO Jenni,

How's it hangin'?

I've had the worst monday ever as very tired from booze-a-rama at the weekend.

Anyhoo, we have a new room mate moving in and we'll probably have a wee party this weekend or Monday.

Probabaly out on Friday too if you're game,

lIZ bIZ XHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!so fucking spot on!jennnieeeeei have a hilarious story for youoh my god I'm suh an idioti slept with dan last nightthen his ex girlfriend ame home this morning when we were in bedMOST AWKWARD MOMENT EVERhahahahahai had to do the walk of shame with my trousers inside outyes dan powers... oopsi can hear you laughing from here i thinkTobi nearly peed himselfreally nice, which is also weird in a wayoh god Annika must hate meyeah and a really good friend of practically everyone we knowa bit but i think we should leave it at thisyeah, paas!how is home?we miss you too!ok i better go and sort myself outjesus, wait until our bosses find outlolzersspeak soon amigo!hmmmm, more like booze giggleseverythime i think about it i cringe bithahahahsex is so bizarrequote of the dayhhahahaha i just read your last post about Dan and I! We slept together again at the weekend and it's fun to have a secret! he ho.

Yeah I an excited baout the weeeeekend. Hopefully will have time for a beer on Sunday night - but you live so far away!

Liz Bizard xhaaha, you cannae call her fanny!

Our trip to Scotland was a bit of disaster because Tobi got terrible food poisoning and we ended up in hospital on Skye with him!

I dragged him, pale and weak, around Edinburgh on the Sunday. We were sitting in a cafe in the meadows and a WASTED Virginia came by shouting that she had been arrested that night, the whole cafe went quiet, it was raaaather hilarious.

Hope you are well m'lady and look forward to seeing you in August.

Liz Biz xxxsuuuuuphaha! sounds like a blast, I miss the druggies :)

Details about Dan and I... well we are a proper couple now ha! I didn't really see that coming but it's really nice and I like him a lot. We basically just arse around all the time making rude jokes, lolzerz. We are coming to Edinburgh on 9th-15th August so keep it free!!

Looking forward to hanging out bud, I'll probably have a BBQ at my house but will let you know nearer the time.

Hope you don't get suicide Tuesday from the big ol pills!

Lizzzzard xxps, the bosses still don't know! but floris found outBOOKED for all 6 of us! Can you get us some pillz??We are going to the bloody Military Tattoo beforehand so it will be a funny night! See you then amigooh oh oh, yes plz - I think only 3 of us will take it so just get enough for a few bombs, is that how you kids are taking it these days :)

liz biz xHey Bart, Thanks for your help, I'm quite keen to live in The Hauge so if you could put me in touch with your friend who is moving here that would be great.

I'm moving to work on a placement at Lust for so very excited!

Speak soon,

LizzieHey Bart, thanks for putting me in touch with Wai Ming. I'm moving to work on a placement at Lust in The Hague, I came over for an interview and they liked my stuff so pretty happy! 


Hope you're having a good weekend,

LizzieHey Bart,

You still having a party on Saturday?

I'm loving living The Netherlands,

Lizzie xThanks Lena,

I texted Tobi yesterday to find out what date your party will be on, but he did not reply... can you fill me in?

Lets see the photos form Austria and Francccccce!

Missing you guys already, what a fun holiday.

Lizzie xLena! Dan and I wanted to wish you and Tobi a Happy Birthday since we will be on our hike on the actual day. We sent Tobi a message but it didn't go through. Come and visit us in Glasgow soon please! We have a nice house with a spare roomHey Robbie! Oh man... what to get James. He seems to be really into all things space right now. He was very interested in all the Philae commet landing news. Maybe you could get him a book about that... or some spaceman ice cream... I got him a t-shirt with the solar system on it. Good job he already has a girlfriend! Looking forward to seeing you all at Christmas. LizzieHi Robbie! Hope you're well. I was wondering if I could pick your brain about travelling in Colombia. Dan and I are going to go there in July and Auntie Morag reminded me you'd lived there for a few years. We're just planning an itinerary, which is quite hiking based. Can I send it to you and you can tell us if it's any good ;) Peace! Lizziehey Robbie! can you send me your email address?Dan and I were just waving out the back of a bus to you! Outside the CameoOn our way to the Whiskey Society for 1st wedding anniversary!thanks, how was the film?we were thinking about it for this eveningehhhhhhhh mid-late august?you around then?yeah i know, sucksnah i'm going to scotland at the beginning of june so can't take any more time unfortunatelygoing to Rieff though, should be goodyeah, i guessed sono, i am very sad about this!I've been going to a wall here, but I'm not a big lover of indooryeaaaaah, i miss it sooooo much. the buzz after winter climbing.i've shit my pants many a time!Yeah com eover around 8.30/9,

I've got Blue Velvet and Twin peaks but definitely bring over Mulholland drive too!

See you later,

LizzieHey Lunney,

Don't think I mentioned this before, we're going to a cafe/bar near me to watch Twin Peaks tonight, you should come. You don't need ID or anything.

9.30 at mine, bring anyone you want,

pEACE

LizzieLoony,

Fancy cinema with me and Pina tomorrow night? 8.45 outside the AVON on Thayer, we're going to see 'The Class' some frog munching, onion wearing, garlic smelling French film.

Lizzieoi oi,

We must hang out before home time. Two weeks on sunday, arg...!

LizzardIn!Hey Rob - Do you know where we should go for the Open Day meeting today @ 5pm? Cheers, Lizziethanks!Hey rob, do you know if there is a May vacation next week? It's not in the calendar but heard some rumours. Hope you're well, going to rewire this weekend?Yeah, super excited about Godspeed!Great, see you there! We will probably be @ de pass beforehandNot totally sure yet, but at least me, Dan and KaiCool, I think we got it within a week, but we told the students 2 weeks so they handed it in on time  I'll double check tomorrow and get back to youHey Rob, saw you were arranging to meet the students on Friday. I'm not going to be there so you're welcome to use my classroom, LizzieHi rob, I was told that in the Netherlands its unlucky to say happy new year after the 6th, so Happy January!

I had to leave my class unexpectedly a bit early today and missed a few students. Do you think I could talk to them during your class tomorrow? Should just be an hour or so.

Best,

LizzieGreat, thanks, I'll tell them when I'll be there and if they need help they can come! See you thenHi Rob, are you guys still dropping by on Thursday?no worries, just checking! It might be a bit mental but you're totally welcome to sit in the classyeah I'm struggling with the double class this year to be honest!Dan has 6 in Arnhem!iknowright ;)I agree fully with the names you sent in the last email, but also Frank is not working for meyup, a bit cocky with his attendance + effortgreat, I'll add to it nowyeah... she is working for me but it's a little shallow stillsee you on Thurs...Hi Rob, do you know what time the teachers should meet tomorrow?okey dokey! ThanksAlso, just an FYI, we have a deadline tomorrow that should be fine, but I may need to take a couple of phonecalls... I'll try to be discreet ;)yeah... bleurg...!No, not like that... more like, "phone rings, call me back in 30 mins or we'll be pissed" ;)hmmmm, no not without her password unfortunatelyhow are you doing?yeah, I am fine. It's really great that you could be there to help ManonHPYBDY! See you Mondayyes!they don't know how good they've got it!;)oh man, I don't envy you.. but actually it's good to get input from them toomostly doing ok, a couple of concerns. But only now am I seeing them design – it's been a lot of coding so far. Let's see what they produce for the midtermsRafael - super keen, a bit all over the place2 weeksoh god, I wont be there is she doesn'tI'll have jumped off a bridgebleurg! Ok, I'm off home, see you soon!Just don't do the Dutch 3 kiss hello!feeling better now?hope you feel good enough to join, we made so much pizza dough last nightgood! sending you beams of healthYeah cool but don't wait too long and miss the pizzas!2130/2200 you should be fine, but don't sleep through until the morning, the world might be over by then ... !(image reference: messages/photos/10154861640058573.jpg)Guess where I amYeah, the colours are *BAM*  Martijn said you started with fluo but this looked betterHello children of the korn, I was thinking dinner at Julians and then go to see waterfire which starts tonight?

Or is might be hard to get a table there for seven people on a Saturday night, if anyone has a better idea let me know,

Or we could sort dinner ourselves then meet at waterfire?

Let me know through Leahs phone or facebooooook,

Peace

Lizzard BlizzardOi Oi cus, I don't have you're normal e-mail so it's a 'nae pals facebook' messaage.

Hope you're having a cracking time, Christmas was a quiet one, not even Ali. You were missed!

I'm back at college now, cold flat but booze to numb the pain. I bet you're all tanned and warm. boo. Is the a good party scene where you are just now? I heard Melborne was pretty fun.

Anyhoo, drop me an e-mail at lizzie@welcometohicksville.com and i can get your proper address.

Peace and Love

Lizzie xxHey cus,

hope all is well and you're not working too hard. If you are, I'm doing enough lazing to cover you.

Just a quick List question...was MAP magazine in your building on the High street and did they have anything to do with each other?

I was thinking of an internship with them..it's a snobby art mag!

Speak soon,

Libs xwow, pure barry cus. I've worked with an artist they support and seems like apretty cool mag.

Glad to hear you're having fun Glasgow was actually sunny today..i even saw a ned with his shirt off...nice.

Libs xCheers cus, thanks for doing that.

I'd pobably rather do it at the List to be honest. I have no free time for a while anyway but would love to help out at some point.

Going to your mum's 60th on Sunday...just a girls party, should be a laugh!

Speak soon

Libs xCUZ!

That's a lot of places, I'm jealous, you saving up le pennies or you gonna work when your moving aboot?

I really want to live in Berlin at some point, it's my favourite city wot I 'av ever been to. I'm in London this summer, the company I worked for in Edinburgh has permanently re-located so instead of saving money living at home I'll probably spend it all there.

I wish it was summer nowwww. It is so cold here, snow, and it seems my hasty packing didn't include gloves, hats or general pneumonia preventers. 

It's a lot of fun here, I'm not actually in NYC but it's only a bus ride away. Been to Boston a few times which is really cool but have yet to bump into Matt Damon, I heard he was keeping an eye out for me but I don't want to seem too keen.

There are also no clubs here which is shit, and they work waaay to hard at school, not in an interesting way, just a really grade concious way, they're terrified of getting a B. Luckily I have found  some German and Finnish friends who have an equally frequent drinking habit so all is not lost.

Ok, Peace out and enjoy the surf, I might go bumslide down a gritty pile of road snow.

Love Libs xxHey Rich,

Yeah I did get your text but my phone wouldn't let me reply, or rather, my funds wouldn't cover it!

Degree show panic is in full swing, absolutely crapping myself. It would be great if you could come, opening night is on the 11th but it's open for 10 days after that. I might just put up a pickled walnut in a jar as an allegory of my brain.

Looking forward to catching up, I'll be on a path of self destruction as of Friday so we should go out, maybe watch your wee bro on the wheels "This next one goes out to my old Auntie Norma..."

Peace,

Lizzie xRichie!

I wish I had seen you for longer, I was also a bit manic that day, all has calmed down now though.

Yeah I'm off to The Hague at the end of August to a place called www.lust.nl, very excited but a bit nervous as they are a bit too cool for school, also I'll need to make some pals. 

I'm very jealous of the surfing, although I don't think I need another expensive hobby or if I do I'll need to sell my soul, who needs one anyway?

Peace and love over there,

Love Betty xHey cus,

We all missed you on Christmas day, but it's ok as I drank enough for both of us. I heard you're away surfing though, grrrr. Have a good holiday and I hope we are in the same country at the same time some day soon!

Peace and love,

Lizzie / Betty / cus xxcheers cus! yeah it was a good one - still feeling it today a little though. I am no longer invincible.
I'm back next weekend for Loveday's wedding but was considering coming back later in August too - when are you back?Cousin, I'm home until Wednesday - lets have a drink ja?Good idea for your portfolio, should set you apart from the rest! 

Yeah Lisbon went well although I nearly died making an phone app for the project in 5 days. Stupid incompatible android! ;-)

Cool stuff on the go... We're going to do an exhibition in the Pompidou in Paris which I'm over the moon about. Better think of some good ideas!

I've worked the last 3 weekends in a row and smoking like a chimney to get through the stress so better treat myself to some sleep this weekend and maybe even eat a vegetable.

Hope you're well and looking forward to a summer full of surfing and good times.

Libs xxYO YO YO YO.

All is dandy here - 

Workin n' partyin n' jazzin' n' that.

Going to Scotland this Thursday with my friend for some mountains and having dinner with yer maw and paw on Sunday. Hopefully 'Andy' will be there too. Perhaps well make an effigy of you for the head of the table.

When are your next plans to pay a visit to the homeland? I'll be there.

Peace and Love.

Lizzard xI like the bus idea, nice to mix the real world with online.

What about something with geocashing. You could make a map online and people have to collect the locations.

You could save 'files' (a discount or voucher) at a certain location. So people can only download them when they are at that exact location. If your smartphone has the correct GPS (you can access this using javascript in any browser) then you are allowed to access the website, image, whatever.

Or using Foursquare API you could make new locations, places around the world, and people have to 'check in' and become the mayor of the top of a mountain...

You can also use the accelerometers in smartphones to make virtual panoramas. I made something like this before using javascript. You hold your phone up and move it around, then you see more of the landscape.

Any use?

Lizzzziehey cis*cusWhat about this speedy reply, eh? I'm just hanging at Lockharton Avenue doing some prep work for tomorrow at GSA, I'm doing workshops once of twice a term which is a nice break from the studio sometimes.

It's good to hear from you, I heard rumours that you might be back at Xmas, although I wasn't sure if they were parent's wishes or real plans. It would be awesome to see you. I might be going to Detroit with Dan, but if all the kids are back in Edinburgh I may persuade him to come here.

All is good in NL, I've got a new grown up persons house so no more crack-den style parties and psycho landlords. Working hard and looking forward to the summer - actually are you back then? I'll definitely come over.

Peace and Love

LizzzzzzieToo many! Got an installation In Pau in a few weeks, also finishing a website for Audi and this weird LED wall in the government building here in The Hague. But this time of year is always bananas.

Hope work / life is all good down under, is this true what my mum tells me of Ali getting hitched?

Lizzzzard xBarry! That's really cool, now I see why you weren't sure about summer and Christmas! I'm really happy for you guys.

It funny because your mum was moaning about having no grandchildren last time I was home and I told her it would all happen at once!

Keep me posted,

Lizzie xHey Rich - 

It was great to see those pictures of you at Al & Sheree's wedding, I wish I'd been there. Looking forward to seeing you soon.

Mum said you might be back in the new year sometime - let me know and I'll shimmy on over.

Hope all's well,

Lizzie xHey Cuz, Dan and I already got some tickets over. Looking forward to it!Hey cus - thanks! And Arlo makes it even better! Having a thoroughly standard day at work but looking forward to some Old Fashioneds in the garden later, might even skive off early. Love you you, Sarah and Arlo, Lizzie xxYeah! I have mine next to the pizza receipts!Hey Cus, just launched this today... thought you would like it! http://predominant.ly, all the best to Sarah and the wee one xxHey cuz,
Just chillin on a bank holiday Sunday and thought of you guys. How are you, Sarah, and Arlo? Can he do any tricks yet?

All is good here, the studio is going well. It took some time to get exactly the kind of work that we want but everything is falling in to place now. My boss is an asshole though and doesn't let me eat Nutella at lunch ;)

It's King's Day here tomorrow which I initially enjoyed as a charming Dutch tradition and now avoid like the plague. Everyone wanders around wearing stupid orange hats, drinking warm Heineken and selling all their old pots and pans and half used bottles of nail polish outside their house. But people really dig it, so maybe it's me....

Going back to Edinburgh in a few weeks to surprise my Dad for his birthday, that is if mum can keep it a secret, I think she's already bursting. 

Oh...and send me some more photos of Arlo!

Peace,

Lizziehey cus, my mum asked me to make a secret santa... you have Ali!in other news... I'm getting hitched!Thanks... we're excited... although not as much as my mawi thinkDad says... "trying to pry mum off the ceiling, going to need a bigger crowbar"oh ayewell, no, but it does make things a lot easier!Dan is already walking around saying "my wiiife" like Boratwe got engaged on Saturday, don't want to wait too long so probable May/June. You'll all have just been here so I know it'll be tough to fly over againyes, speak soon!Thanks! Feeling pretty chill, just want to start now! XxWe'll be thinking of you(image reference: messages/photos/10154351790373573.jpg)great! I was beginning to wonder if the giraffe had gotten lost at sea...what a little monkey ;)What a pair of cool dudesLove getting the photos!No I would like more Arlo and Jarvis photos and videos... 29 and getting broody like 

Yeah so we are maybe going to America for a few years, I'm about to send off my master's application so fingers crossed. But we are both set on Glasgow for the long haul, for some reason Fan feels very at home there - bit like Detroit somehow... all the bampots maybe!

Love to the fam, Lizzie xxFan = DanAaaahhhh! Just got this, we were out of Internet for a few days. The wee lads! Thanks for sending this through, another one tomorrowCarnage - did he get a dip bowl?Oh wait, that's a hungry caterpillarDon't squirt me! Aye rightyes! Good skillz alreadyI'm not getting enough photos of the lads! ;)Hehe just watching this with mum in Inverdruie!Great! Nice dribble from Jarvis  Yeah we are on a mum/daughter weekend in the Cairngorms(image reference: messages/photos/10156250768068573.jpg)She's a beaut! Congrats guys :)Lyn-zo!

How you doing? I haven't spoken to you in ages and wanted to send you some chat.

Jude says you're having fun times... sounds really different to here though, too much work!

It was the Halloween Ball last night, totally fooked, my head feels like a washing machine today. We went as Kraftwerk... twas pretty funny.

Anyhoo... keep having a blast and look forward ti Xmas partyingggggggg,

Liz Biz JizzAlso, Lyn-zo,

Can I post Jude's birthday present to you? It means you can give it to her on her actual birthday, I don't trust her not to open it early if it arrives!

I was going to post it tomorrow as I'm going to London on Wednesday,

Cheeeeeeeeers bud bud

Lizzie xCheers buddy!!!!!!! Yeah I am going to send it today although I haven't got her anything yet! Going to Armstrongs in Edinburgh this afternoon to pick out a frock or something.

I really wish I could come over for her birthday, we would have so much fun! It's getting really cold here now and I'm remembering fun times in the Van, miss you guys lots.

Glasgow has been full of gossip, pretty funny really. I wish Arron would just keep his fly zipped!

Thanks again man and hope you're all good in the hood,

Love Liz Biz xxhey man, jude said she got it, thanks!!!Yes yes amigo, Marta took them in a frantic flurry of serbian stella fueled photography so they aren't very good, whats your e-mail addressio?

Lizzard xI think it'd be best if I WHACKED them on a disc as they are a bit HUGE for an e-mail,

Edin is good, I just got back from France with my folks which was really good, nice wine and lots of cycling, they had really nice road bikes in the house we were staying. Psycho killer French drivers combined with me not being able to use the cycling shoes very well resulted in a few close calls!

Jude stayed last night and I cooked Boeuf Bourginon but I now have a BANGING red wine headache boooooooooooo.

Just send me Lyndo's address, still Bentinck?

Peace over the ocean,

Lizzie xHeloo,

I've had the final electricity bill sent to Edinburgh which is 169.74, this works out at 33.75 each.

Not too bad considering it's been ages. I'm just going to go ahead and pay it now, do you want to transfer money on the internet or wait till I see you?

Marta, I owe you some money but I can't remember how much...

Peeeeeeeace

lIZZIEyo duderino,

I hear you are leaving the 'ville! will you still be manning the desk in December? Hope so. I am returning for some Christmas pennies.

Hope you're well and have seen Darjeeling.....

Lizzie xBoo! Thats shite, I start on the 17th. I will miss your banter greatly. I can't really be arsed coming back, I'd rather have a holiday but i have nae money as it is all in my liver.

Congrats on the jobby, I'll come begging for drug money when I'm a hobo with broken dreams.

Maybe see you over Xmas in a Blue Steel joint!

Lizzie xI am onliiiiineI love them, they are pretty and smell goooood, just like me. Thanks you really, it was a lovely surprise!, so kind.

Having a nice day so far, my maw and paw bought me various climbing accessories and a very snazzy bottle of whiskey which I hope you will help me to polish off (that's drink, not the Eastern European country)

Had a walk along the water of Leith and a nice lunch in the Gallery of Modern Art, now it is 3pm and I'm going to crack into the wine, yay!

Love you both,

Lizzard xxxHi jo jo jo
Really pissed (alcoholically?) that I didn't chat to you much on Sat, in a frat house voice i was WWWWWAAAAAAASTTTTTTTTTEDDDD.

It was good to see you though, however briefly, and lets catch up when I get back from Yank land, perhaps a member of the aforementioned Frat house.

Lizzie xRanchers are ordered, keep well and see you soon, Liz Biz xHey Angus,

Hows it going? I have a whiskey related question... What is Bunnahabhain like? 

James tells me you're in France, hope much drinking of wine ensues.

Lizzie xIt was lovely... We drank some in a great bothy after a climb near Knoydart, probably made it taste even better!

bevvy sounds good,

Lizzie xhow did it happen?Ha ha, yeah it was! Don't worry about it, it was a larf.

Canada is amazing so far, see you in glas

Lizzieoi oi! hows yer life? I'm doing good, just moving some stuff through to the new flat in glas. I finish work on Friday so have a few weeks off to burn all the money I've earnt! Will be through in Glasgow quite a bit when i finish work so would be up for a cafe hula trip?aw nice! I'm on west princes street. Just been working and boozing in the festival. seen lots in the film festival too. You and Paul look so sweet together, hows it going?i feel it may have been a mis-type from the sweed, v is next to b on das keyboard! what you doing tonight, i might be having a party in glasoh shite! at least you're not in the same course! I'm not moving through to glasgow untill the week after so lets get some scran then. Hope you feel better love. Vetty xHey Hey! my number is 07950895979. Malin 07855497881. Fiona 07846351800. Natalia 07738904191. Havin a party on Sat night, you up for it? Lizzie xayeeeeeeeeeeeoi oi m'lady. I'm back in the west now... i take it you're busy tomorrow night with yer man, I''m going to a barry party on friday in woodlands if you fany it or a hungover pint on saturday? hope you're well, lizzie xjah sounds good, one night this week.Voodoo rooms is meant to be pretty good although I haven't been... It's the sister pub/club of that bar The Villager we went to for a meal when you were through. They have a website so you can find out whats on...what date are you going through? Lizzie xGAY BAR!You can't do that anymore :(happy birthday budbooooo, hows the burgh? Rennie is away so I am procrastinating on facebook.

We should pub it soon.

Lizzieyeah i peed myself!
I'm living in The Netherlands now, working for an interactive studio LUST, it's pretty awesome, but also hard work! The biggest problem is that there are no mountains though. How are things with you?Hey Jen, yeah, that would be great! There are some uploads starting now which is really nice. I hope there is a lot of contributions. Thanks again, LizzieHeeelloooo Emilie,

Hope your festive times were fun and boozy.

I'm going on exchange in Feb and renting out my room, we have a guy in 2nd year painting called Tom Marshallsay coming to view and I saw he was friends with you! Just creeping around to see if he's a nice guy or not!

Anyway, we must frequent the pub soon too,

Liz Biz xYeah, I know I really didn't feel ready to come back, didn't get much chilling time!

Yeah it's wierd Robin not being here, Jude is back (Robin replaced her) so that's fun too. Hopefully this Tom guy is ok...!

Yeah warehouse sounds good, there was also some chat about the pub with felix/rasmus etc on wed...

Lizzzzzzzzzzzzzzie xHey hey

Yeah 4th year is crap for socializing! My room-mate from America is arriving in Edinburgh tomorrow for a visit so I'm getting a lift back there tonight. I'm bringing her to Glasgow on Sunday so will want to show her some pub-life if you are up for it?

Peace,

LizzieHey Chris, I don't suppose you have any 16x20 left over? I ran out and will have to go to boston tomorrow!

Thanks,

LizzieHi Mike,

Thanks for getting in touch I've been looking for babysitting, I'm free all weekend and Monday so any night(s) that suit you basically! I'll speak to Karen too to see when she's around. 

My phone number is 07950895979. 

Thanks again!

LizzieThat all sounds great,

Karen just e-mailed me to say she's free every day but Friday so that works. Also if she can't make it I should be fine on my own, done a lot of babysitting in my time!

Speak soon,

LizzieGreat, see you tonight at 7pm!

LizzieHi Martin!

My phone has died, can you call me on 0131 443 0672?

It's about Andy's birthday tomorrow, how about a meal for 7?

Me 
You
Andy
Robin
Rach
Charlotte 
Donald

I'm not sure If donald is still here, if not we could ask Gav (andy's mate gav) Anyway, I've borrowed really fancy glasses and plates and tablecloth etc so we can have a really snazzy meal. You wanna make pudding?

I am meeting my boss tomorrow at 2 but was going to cook in the morning then drive through around 4pm,

Let me know what you think, gies a call.

Lizzie xMiss you jobby heed,

Only two weeks left, aaaaaaaaah

You excited for my immanent return?

Lizzard xHi Marta!

I'm soooooooo sorry about the other day, we were driving in really bad conditions back from up North, I pulled over to stop to wait for your call for a while but we had to keep going in the end to find somewhere to sleep. 

I hope you're ok, I hate not being there if you were upset, call or e-mail to tell me you are well. I have arrived back home now.

Speak soon,

Lizzard xx

ps. You're not preggers are you?!?! Loads of things have been going through my head!Hi Martin, rach invited us for dinner tonight and I thought you guys were already in London, so get in touch and tell her you're cominnnnnnng, if you want to that is!

Lizzard xHey we're gonna get through about 7 now but most of the prep for dinner we did here, is the kitchen cookable in?

Thanks Mart, love you like a bum ulcer xxxHey MART,

I'm really sorry I didn't get up to say goodbye this morning, I hope your flight was a-ok,

Skype tomorrow? I will miss youuuuu,

Fingermouse xWhats the plan big man, call me on my hoose phone

4430672 xMarta, I did something hilarious last night.hahahaha, I slept with johnny in jude's living room. we got soooo drunk.what!hey!whas this about you working in ny?wow!better than sachs!cool, so life is good?yay!ooh, hotter than pizza face?nice!yeah really goodjust got back from milanit was a big successwe had an installation therewas more stressful than degree show!yeah, I'm just editing the video now, maybe we can skype later?yeah, sounds barryi miss you!you are too cool for schoolsend me a photo of the mannoit will make me sad!i also have some gossip thoughlong story, i'll explain laterhave to go noedooie!BIEBERfun?she speak serbian right?NO WAY!hahahahahawell you are a hottieno it's nothing that exciting, just one of my colleagues made a movein milani said no, he is super short, but it's a weird situationhe is super coolbut i don't think i have feelings for himenah, i'm good at ignoring these sorts of thingsi wish we could go for a pint RIGHT NOW togethersvetlanaACROZZZZZZ FROM MEsurvived the rapture, so goodyou?or maybe all the christians have gone, suits me fine!nice saturday for you there?sandwich?heheI'm about to go buy MEATS for a bbq laterhow's your boi?just ok?whats his name?bobby jobby?andrew jobby, cool.did you miss the word jobbyjobby jobbyjob-byi'm lollingi'm sad i wont see you in juneno plans yethopefully my contract is renewed and i amstill here!maybe ill come home for my birthday, or go to berlinercould be funok i have to go to Albert Heijn (Sainsburys!) befoore it closes. When do you return to EU?shit thats 7 days after come here!3rd-12 juneboooooomybe we can meet in berlin in August or something, or you come for a visitwill andy and bubble still be there?cooloh it would be so fun!he hawok speak soon smelly perryi will buy cola in your honourxxskyyyyyype?hoi!what is it????well the first thing to do is calm downthen go buy a testit's most likely negativebut you should buy a test to make sureyeah good idea, but really marta, there could be a million reasonsfreaking out wont help, when will you see lale?it can't be that late anyway, I spoke to you yesterdayhey... that could be anything!but i understandit can be scarydo you have any reason to be worried?no it's coolwell the chances are small, so you know what to do, do a test and you'll probably be relieved!the mind is a powerful thing thoughyou can persuade yourself of anythingGO TO THE STORE!there' no point in imagining all the possibilities until you knowi wish i was therei know exactly how you feel, we've all done it, you should do it with lale, it's betteri am no longer embarased about buying testsi had to buy one after christmas when i slept with johnnybut it was in dutch and i bought a ovulation testplease mail me lateri'm sure you'll be drunk in a bar going phewknob jockey!well you are leaving soon...!i'm a abd influenceyou wont miss anything by sticking with the guy you like eitherI'm very glad, silly billy.ps, i can see mladic's prison from my bedroom.so drunkhguoftiydrrrfgvhfyidr68fiygvuhcab only punch keyboard with 1 hardhandhee haw me be donkeyyou rock the ballspeeeeeeeeeenis]jobby bu holebumi should speepsleeplets chat on skkkkkkkkkype morgemorgentomorrowok dooie bum bumbefore i gp tell me a good tv showGlasgow, Friday, krunk?Yeeeeeah!Let's go ouuuuut!Do you have room for Dan and I to sleep at your place?Who do you live with actually! We can fall asleep anywhere, can't wait to hang out mart fart!Sorry I rushed off last week Mart fart - I felt soooo ill at Stereo.

It was great to see you - look after yourself - ok? 

lizzzard xxMartaaaaaaa!Coming next week - can Dan and I sleep in a pile on your floor for a couple nights? Will bring moon-pies and wacky packs.sweet! We should arrive at the bus station around 8:30pm, will you be working or can we buy you some din dins?wow, that would be awesome - can't wait to meet the man too... it would be wednesday night, what are your digits? I can just call you when we're in Glasgow and see what you're up to.biz bizWoooop, awesome! Do you want anything from NL? Some clogs perhaps? Cheese? Racists?oh yeah - good ideapooop head!watchin' house and eating donuts:)all the cool kids are going to be intownknow any cool parties to go to on Friday night?it's GI opening right?woooop - is it a private party on Sat?ah ok, you have to be at the modern institute?arg... good luck!see you on Wed poop headyo mart- what's your address actually?Hey Ruth,click the link pal,

http://lizziemalcolm.com/ruth.htmlRuthie, you in London over the next few days? Would be nice to meet up, LizzieRuthy ruth! Can you send me your email address plz... got something to send youHi Ruth, I don't have your sisters email, but would love it if her and her fiancé could also come to our wedding ceilidh. A real craiglockhart crew! Could you send me her address? Happy new year also xxhey Ruthie, what is your snail mail address in London?thanks! who are you living with right now, not with Jess, right?all finished... mostly thanks to my mumturns out wedding planning is not my forte, who would have thought?We are over the moon that she has done most of it! On my way to Edinburgh now to find a dress. Eek.super that you can join!That's weird about Lottie, I did send a mail, but I just sent another one, hopefully she can still make itsee you soon!No worries ruthie! Can't wait to see you :)Hannah Bananaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,

Hope ye are doing well and studying hard...i need your help for the ugly one's birthday!

I making a poster but need some text to go on it. I was thinking a line from his favourite film or book or (probably not) poem? (ha ha gav reading poetry)

Can you give me some pointers? Maybe I should put his favourite physics equation!

Anyhoo, thanks a bundle

Lizzie xHah ha, i bet he weeps into his poems every night.

Yeah I just handed in my exchange application to Rhode Island School of Design, It's meant to be pure barry, 2nd best school in the USAaaaaaa. I really want to get in, it's in between New York and Boston.

Sending you love...on this leap year day.

Betty xBOOOOOOOO. You wont even have to dress up! (classic) I've got a ticket to the Art Schule shindig... but we muust meet up soon i forgotten what you look like.

Liz Biz mizz xxxHannah! Are you moving to Glasgow? I just moved back here with Dan (who is American and also in the middle of Visa shit) Hope you are! LizzieFor sure! We're living in the Southside. Looking for a studio space in the centre though.

Dan is from Detroit, he's applied for the unusual Surinder Singh permit – since he's already lived in NL for 10 years and we met there. So he can actually live here with his Dutch residence card until we get a decision – which will be 6 months! He's is grounded here until then but at least we're together, what a farce... 

Let us know when you arrive and we'll have you for dinner or something.Where's Josh from?I like it thereOh it wasn't very simple – UK gov sucks. It was so much more friendly in NLWe're actually married but the spouse one is probably more hassleYeah we have a company togetherhahaThat's the plan ;)computer programmer?ah nice, so are we :) Without the computer science degree thoughmix of print and screen, websites, with some installations thrown in. Predominantly for the cultural sector but some fashion and charities tooWe're actually changing the company name while we move here so hastily making our own site right nowRectangle
http://rectangle.designOh man, I have made some dashboards in my time!Also we do research projects with Warwick University – we actually worked with one of their academics on a critique of dashboards!Key Performance Indicators and all that jazz ;)Anyhoo, looks like we've got lots in common so you'll let us know when you arrive?you tooHannah! Great, glad you both got here despite the Home Office's shitty behaviour! I'm actually off to The Netherlands all next week for a workshop, so how about next weekend? Friday 12th?do you use WhatsApp or Signal? or iMessage?My phone won't send that U.K. Number a message... anyway: how about we pencil in a drink on Sat 20th?Or if you'll be tired from traveling we could do Sunday so*tooYeah let's do Sunday!Hey hey, yes we are! still on for Sunday late afternoon pint?Super, where is your flat actually? We are in the SouthsideHey hey! Sorry just got this - is 17:30 ok?How about The State? Or The Pot Still?Ah shit sorry I missed your text, we were out walking in pollock Park. No worries that you're in for the night, it's pretty grim out there now! Let me know when you're back from travels? Dan got his permit yesterday so we can celebrateDid I give you my number? 07757215297If you fancy a pint at Inn Deep at 5 we're happy to come over to your neck of the woods... But also no worries if you don't feel like going out again!We'd be happy to, haven't been over there that much since we've lived here! So see you there at 5?Party on down.

Hope you're not too hungover Christoph ;)

Anyhoo, I should be back from Amsterdam about 7pm - then I'll be straight to Albert H to buy booze and maybe even a bag of nuts if they're lucky.

I'll also bring lights from the studio for upstairs.

Peeeeace,

Lizzie xHey Georgie,

This is the latest reply EVER to  message, so sorry, I think I read it when I was drunk and totally forgot. Useless I know.

I'm really keen for the Hope but I am due to start work in London on the 29th so I think it will all be too much to organise, I'm just back from the States then too so will be a bit frantic probably!

Hows Uni? I'm having a great time here but Americans are fucking crazy, they work way too hard and I need a rest! 

Lizz BizzHey Rachel, although you probably can't cross the globe for it, you are very much invited to my (our) wedding ceilidh in July!  Any chance you are in town? Hope you've had a Barry Xmas & Hogmanay fun times. Lizzie xx (and Dan!)Great to see you Rach!Rach! I'll be in Berlin next weekend, got time for coffee on Friday?Ah bummer! Next timehey booble, are you gonna be in scotland on 29th July? Couldn't remember when you and andy were off on your travels..any news aboot cuba?

Lizzie xHave you left yet? I hope you get this afore you go

HAVE AN AWESOME TIME, YOU WILL BE MISSED GREATLY BY ALL!

Love Lizzie xbooooooooooooooooooyou can't escape meeeee!i miss you guysreally? let me check the iCal...is she staying until the weekend?ah poo, then I can't come, I'm in Chamonthttp://www.cig-chaumont.com/festival-2011/index-en.htmlwe have an installation... very begind!behind..degree show?yaaaay! sounds awesome. 

I'm in the middle of moving houses right now (it's a long story but I fell out with my current landlord) so we'll just sleep at my house and hang out the rest of the time at my boyfriend Dan's house  which is way nicer, we'll make dinner on Monday for you guys. I'm gonna try to take Tuesday off work to hang with you but it's kind of busy that week so I'll have to see. But I'll definitly get off work early on Monday and give you a tour of the studio etc.

Peeeaace,

Lizzietatty scones!!!!boooble!

Are you and Andy still coming to Glasgow for New Year? I hope so!

Liz Bizyay! mine is +31681879473Buuuuuble? You and Andy want a coffee / pint on Tuesday? Liz bizzzzzzBuubs, are you in London tonight?Until the 4th, will you be back? Liz bizBOOBLE! Hope you guys had a good xmaszzzz. Do you have a number I can call you on? I was hoping Andy would have his ice axes up in Edinburgh and he might let me borrow them in exchange for a bottle of port :)Bubble! Yes that would be lovely to see you. I am in The Netherlands until Saturday, but how about a drink that night? Or Sunday is also güt xxHi David,

Thanks so much for getting in touch, that would be fantastic.

I'm just booking my flight just now so will let you know when I'm in town,

Thanks Again,

LizzieHi David,

Sadly the flights I ended up getting are to seattle, alot cheaper surprisingly and I doubt I'll make it down to SF. Thanks so much for offering to help though, If you know anything golden about Seattle...?!

Hope you're all well,

LizzieI miss your ugly mugs xxxHey smellies,

Either of you still in school, do you think you could drop by Oddy's office and explain why I'm not at my meeting? I sent him and e-mail but it seems he doesn't check!

Just ask if I can come next week instead...?

Peace and love,

Lizzie xDo you guys remember that weird chant about Inuit s that we did on a listening test in primary 6? SOMEHOW it popped into my head today. Please say I am not going crazy"We are the Inuits"No wayWe kill only to clothe warm and feedHahahahSo funnyIs that a Thursday?Wait, what day is the party? Thursday 13 April?Cool! Can Dan come?We'll be thereI can dress up like Vanessa Feltz like at the quallyYeah we'd love to!http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/7753270Love it!Let's not go up to high school thoNooooooLet those years lieHahahahahaYes why IS Richard Dobsons name underlinedSk8ter boiGod, i hope teens have come a long wayPoor Michael MurrayRob a bank?He lives in Munich with his hot PhD girlfriendBtw ladies, in moving back to the theWoooo000p!Glasgow!Still applying for a few other masters but gonna make Glasgow homeYeah kind of Kate, if there is one that suitsWtfI know what Jess and I areBut I am ashamed to sayHello you bum chum,

Are you going back to the land of the free for Christmas? I am back from 23rd to 3rd Jan, will I seeeeee you?

Hope all is well amigo, all is swimmingly good here.

Lizzie xxxYO YO,yeah it was awesome to see everyone but WAY too short. You all look very handsome in your graduation garb, I hope you all got suitably drunk later on to counteract this unusual display of maturity.

All is goo here although we're in between projects so it's not as busy as I'd like but shouldn't complain, I got a pay rise too. Huzzah!

Are you staying in Glasgow for the foreseeable future?

Peeeeeeeeeace and love,

Lizzie xxyay! lets do it... REALLY.Boyd!Yeah - I didn't pay for the url after 1 yearhttp://lizziemalcolm.com/777votingmaybe it's a bit weird if it goes no my own website*goes toyeah - either remove it or see if Dimi wants to pay for the hostingHop you are well!Going to Zefir on Thursday?yo boyd! Actually I cannot go today... I am too busy to leave the studio at 4:30... but you could still go, shall I ask if it's cool that you join? LizzzzieBoyd! No time for running but the hike is super tough so getting fit! I'll do some running when we get to Dan's parents house - should be easy without a 20kg packHey Susie - I have a quick question about one of the photos you posted in the Mac Photo Archive. Would you mind if you image was used in Nowness Magazine? If this is ok with you, do you have higher resolution copies of this image? http://the-mac-photo-archive.net/#view/150thanks!Hi Susie - great, thanks, my email is mail@lizziemalcolm.comhope you are well!Movie night our house, tomorrow 7.30pm, come!!

lizzie x8.30 9pm? jeaaaaaaaHey Ally,

I saw you guys are playing @ Paradiso in Amsterdam in March, I'm nearby so will come with some pals.

Would be good to see you and Kayus for a drink.

Tunes are sounding good...

LizzieHey Kayus - too cool for Facebook? I wish I was...

I'll message you nearer the time about Paradiso,

I saw NME today - nice work.

LizzieHey Ally,

Got your new record the other day. Pretty sweet!

I also saw you have a pretty old school website. I have a design studio now in NL and I know we could make you guys something awesome. Would be a good collaboration I’m sure.

Let me know what you think, if YF are keen I can explain more.

Peace,

LizzieHey Ally,

Sorry took ages to get back to you, I only have a temporary website online right now, since we've only been running for a year http://openwork.net

The work there is pretty "slick", which wouldn't fit with your kind of raw aesthetic, but we're competent designers + programmers ;) 

It seems like YF are well up for experimentation, so even if you don't need a new normal website, it could be interesting to make some micro site(s) or one off experiments to go with a release, or with a new video.

Anyway, just keep it in mind for future collaborations.

When you back in Amsterdam?

All the best, Lizzzieyeah, everything's pretty good here in NL, been here 5 years now which is crazy. The Dutch are a bit weird when you get to know them though ;) I'll get a ticket for your show in Amsterdam in Oct, looks like a busy time for you guys! Peace, Lizzie xJakobiiiii! I won't be in town all weekend but probably Danny P will be game for partaySad to miss itLooks amaaaazing, but Dan and I can't come :(Yo, ja heel goed! I have kind of an insane few days coming up as we have an installation opening in Amsterdam on Friday but we should totally hang out after that.  How long are you about for? Liz bizAh cool, say hello! Give me a buzz once you're in den Haag, my number is 0681879473. You're welcome to crash at mine btw, Lizziecool beanz, I usually go to De Paas for beers after work on Fridays so you're welcome to join!

Here's where it is 
https://www.google.com/maps?q=de+paas&hl=en&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=71.810722,91.142578&hq=de+paas&radius=15000&t=m&z=13&iwloc=A

Let me know!

Lizzieyo yo!

That sounds cool but unfortunately I am at the mercy of the studio this week as we have some mega deadlines :( I'm off to Glasgow to teach at the beginning of next week but then lets have dinner or something? We're also having a party on 26th which you should come tooo!

Tot later,

Lizzzzieoh it was surinamese - and called warung mini... lekker!Suuup! Yeah, Dan and I are going to Glasgow too, woop!

Hopefully see you there...

If you're bored this weekend, we're going to Paas on Friday and apparently having a beer pong party on Saturday (Tobi's idea) so you're welcome to stay.

Peaceeee,

LizzieCP! Bit of a random request but do know anyone in edinburgh I could get some party treats from? New year is a coming! LizzieYeah tried them all! We are going up north so maybe it will be a wholesome one! Have a fun new year, ps, heard about you and dean... Cute!WOOOOOOOOOOOO

Have a great day hen and I'll see you in June!

Hope you're well,

Liz Biz JizzHey Laura,

Party looks funny! Sorry I couldn't come through, my dissertation draft is due in on Tuesday and, well, I'm sure you can imagine the fun times I am currently experiencing!

I doubt I'll be back before Christmas now, 4th year is turning into a massive stress fest, yaaaaaaaaay.

But anyhoo  I look forward to seeing you sometime around the birthday of Jesus. 

Peace and love and Autumnal joy,

BETTY library hermit xxI'll go to Bordeaux for a RISD reunion ;)I'm been doing some work with MakeWorks which is basically an index of Scottish Industry, http://makeworks.co.uksome of it is about factories but it could be a good resourcesince they're involved with designers / makersHi Paul, it turns out we can't go to Groningen that weekend as we have guests staying in The Hague :( Maybe the next one! See you on Friday, Lizziesounds good!Hey Paul -When are you next in NL? Coming to the KABK show?Yes all good - I'll be leaving LUST to start a new studio in September so also quite hectic. I saw you were working on the DDG - let me know when you're next in the hood!Yeah still in The Hague, it's going to start as a sort of design collective with myself, Dan and our friends Kai & Susana (Carvalho-Bernau) ... hope to catch up soon!Could be, would love to, will definitely be in touch if I make it there, I'd like to see this Digital Revolution exhib. @ BarbicanHey hey, all good. My mail is mail@lizziemalcolm.comI'm intrigued!Hi Paul! Good to hear from you. Funnily enough a few weeks ago we relocated to the U.K., which also sadly meant I had to leave my post at the KABK. We're going to be based in Glasgow but I would be up for traveling to London for teaching if we could work something out. Could that be an option?Ah bummer, 2 days a week is probably too tricky, especially since they're not back to back days. Shame as I would have loved to be involved! I'll have a think about other people in LDN tooYeah sounds possible to me but better have a talk with the others in case they'll miss me too much . Maybe we could have a quick Skype early next week?Let's pencil in Tuesday morning? I'm available from 9Yeah will have a good thinkHi Paul, just having a think about London people that might be good for this position but wanted to clarify what kind of gig it would be – I'm assuming some teaching experience is required, and would you expect them to do some practical instruction in programming? If yes, would the emphasis be on that or more on giving assignments, and developing technical knowledge alongside?It does sound perfect for me! But having spoken with the others, I think 2 days a week is too much, including prep time etc. But let's still keep the chat on Tues? I can hopefully help out with some recommendationsHey Paul – we have a short meeting at 9:30, can you do 10am?ye, Skype is truly garbage... you can get me on 01314430672, or Google HangoutsRunning slightly behind, 15 Mins or soReady now, what's your number actually?Paul missed a call from you.Yep! I just tried to call againYou called Paul.Hi Falk,

Hope you had a nice relaxing Sunday, just wondering if you could send me a copy of the group photo? Just compiling everything together from the workshop.

It was a really fun week,

LizzieIt appears I was wrong! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_FIFA_World_Cup_seedingYeah! I slept from 5pm till 8amCoohey hey, just in case any of you Hague people want some of our left over furniture: 
https://www.marktplaats.nl/verkopers/11531172.html
* friendly discount on these prices * 
See ya'll SaturdayHey Katerina, thanks for this!Wooop, anyone wanna hang out on Friday in Glasgow? I hear there is some fun to be had at swg3... Lizard xYeah awesome - is it ticketed?You got one? I'll check if there are still someThursday and Friday, going to get tickets for arika, woooopFabulousGive me all your numbers! In stravaigan right now. LizzieHi Sophie, 

Yeah do you also live with Donald?

It's going great here, although very different from Glasgow. I have never worked this hard in my life! I would say the social scene is not as much fun so far (although this might be because I've only been here a while) but my tutors are very good and the facilities are amazing. The buildings are open 24/7 and people seem to actually stay all night!

I'll get in touch again later in the semester. I can send you what I've been doing so you can see whats on offer etc.

Good luck with your application, if they let me in I'm sure you'll be fine. 

Peace,

LizzieYo Sophie, how's it going? I saw you've spent a lot of time in Venice last year, I'm heading there this coming weekend, do you have any recommendations for cafes restaurants or galleries? I haven't got a lot of time to research before going, any help would be much appreciated! 

You're in London most of the time though, right? My friend Gemma (who I think you met) just moved there so I'll be over soon, would be cool to catch up.

Peace, LizzieNo worries, we had a good time and found some funny little bars. Where is Toni doing Erasmus?Oh wait, I guess KABK? I'm there on Thursdays if she wants to say hoiI'm taking my students to Sonic Acts on Thursday, will you be there already?Great, I'll be there with 35 students!did you get tix already?for the buscool cooldid you get a spot on the bus? I hope so! I'll be outside Paradiso at 11:30Sophie missed a call from you.Hi Manon, I looked at the website code and this is actually a video. It has probably been generated with a transparent background in Processing or something, let me have a look for some code for youoh yes, you're right, I didn't see the moue interactionit's rendered on HTML5 canvasif you google for "html5 canvas particle system" you should find some exampleslike this: http://codepen.io/soulwire/pen/Ffvlohttp://cssdeck.com/labs/cool-canvas-particles-text-effectHey Wojtek,

Glad you had fun up North, I was hiking yesterday although I didn't really see anything as is was so bloody foggy!

Don't worry about the tent, I'll be back in Edinburgh soon but will give you an e-mail to say what day, nae bother pal.

Say hi to everyone for me,

Lizzie xoh, not sure why it didn't work. Sometimes welcometohicksville.com gets put in a junkmail folder.

I was looking for some help on my essay. I remembered you telling me about some Christian group that promotes films like Narnia and March of the Penguins, did you read it in Sight and Sound?

Cheers bro,

Libs xYo bro!
Great to hear from you... I'm actually coming over to Glasgow in October - so can't really afford flights for your at this financially unstable time, but I'm sad not to be there.
Everthing is going well here, but I have to be honest it is very scary being totally in charge of your own livelihood, but exciting too! 
How's life in Glasgow - missing your lady friend?
Libs xxWhat did you vote, eh eh?hooray!i was cringing at their no partyunion jacks and royal babiesnoyes - I was strangely disappointed this morningyay! lookin' sharpOmgIs he wearing a gold jacket?Oh yeah, I will, but need to look up my RBS deetsMrs moneybagsThanks bro, it has been amazing so far, just about to eat the most enormous breakfast before we start out again!Back from 20th... I'm up for all of it.MARY! Hope you got home ok on le train and Friday didn't hit you too hard...party times.

I don't know if you took your camera back to London but is there any way you can send the Krafywerk photos to me tonight or tomorrow? I am making up an album cover for Andy's birthday on Tuesday, with our big ugly mugs on it. woop woop,

Peace and love and post production.

Liz biz jiz xxxOh yeah i was going to go see that today... maybe I will just perve on Daniel Craig instead, he is my viking.

Kittens!.. I can't help but turn into such an annoying girl and go awwwwwwwwwww.

Yes clothes are definately needed, I'll get in aroung half 6 in the evening on Wed, I have booked a slot at Stanley Kubrick archives on Thursday at 1pm so we could go before or after? anyhoo speak soon amigooo,,

Liz big jizheeeeeey, 

Jah I am here, it's fun so far although I've been a bit lonely today, all sinking in now! Got enrolled today so will upload some photos that you can see of my new home town!

Miss you all lots and Americans are kind of lame,

Liz Biz xHi Mary,

Sorry I've been so shit at keeping in touch, I don't have internet and home anymore. booooo.

I'm having such a good time but missing you guys a lot. tHEY DON'T DRINK ENOUGH HERE!!

Do you have Skype? Maybe I can call you sometime

PEEEEEEEEAAAACCCCEEE.

lIZZIE XHey Mary,

Sorry I didn't get back to you tonight, nae credit on me phone-io.

I ended up staying in and having a chat with Jude, I think she was feeling a little blue. Are you going to LONDON tomorrow? If not then let us break bread together in the refectory of joy and bad sandwiches.

Love Lizzard Blizzard xHey Mary so so sorry I decided to stay another night in Edinburgh and completely forgot bout supper, I'll make it up to you, are you in school tomorrow morning before your bus/train?I've missed you!

Yes, I get back on Monday and will probably need a few days to recover then will pay you a visit in Glasgow, I hope Austria was fun fun fun xxHello Mary bary,

I'm settling in fine, but it's going to be tough I think, I have a lot to learn, that's good though!

I am happy because today on my way home I saw RED SOCKS FOR 1EURO A PAIR! The shop was shut but tomorrow they will be mine. Imagine that, red socks to match my red jumper.

The guys I work with are quite fit, but it's weird being the only girl amongst 8 guys! We all sit down for lunch together which is nice, and they pay for it.

Peace and love to you and good luck moving into the new house when you do. I meet Ranjid tomorrow so I hope he's hoovered.

Lizzie xxhahaha mary you are such a plonker! amazing. 
Yes I'm back this weekend but in Newcastle the whole time - so I'm going to come back at the end of August to see you guys then, will you be around m'ldy?OH NO MARY!!! I'm coming late on the 18th - 26th :(

this suck ballshahahaha, remember the night at 58 w. princes street where we ate lentils, drank A MILLION bottles of wine and then ended up all groping each other on my bed. I think it was even a Sunday :)

Peace out Maria, miss you, come and visit!yes Glasgow for New Year, you too????!maaaarycome and seee me!yeah good goodi know, it;s in the pipelinei might get fired anywaynot really, but I slept with my colleague Dan on friday - MASSIVE WOOPS!hahahahaoffice bicycleoh god, it was so funny mary, his ex-girlfriend who he still lives with came home from holiday the next day at 11amshe is best friends with my bossoh wellhow was gisad i missed you guysyeah i heard... i was kind of shocked to be honesthas it been hard?oh maaaaan. i hate changebut i'm glad it didn't end with you guys not talkingoh no, lock up your sonsreally? awesome, with the girls?oh man, you'll have a blastps i ssaw you ski photos - you'r hair is cooliohahahayou must have banging on the mindlolzerzok, i have to go to the supermarket because supid Dutch ones close at 6pm on a Sunday... it's like living in the stone ageexcept with more clogseverydayok dokey, peace out and see you soon!liz biz xyes I am coming to London for a girls weekend with you and Judey,

I jsut had Arron over to visit last night, we went running on the beach and swam in the sea which was marvellous!

Have an awesome trip to America m'lady and let me know when you are free for a visit.

Peacccce xxSounds great! I'll be in London today around lunchtime woop woop! Liz bizMARY! What are you up to tonight? Can we hook up at a party somewhere? Liz bizzzzAlso what's you number?hey fart face... hope you're doing jolly good. Wanna hear some gossip?want to come to a wedding in Edinburgh?yes!all grown up!thanks... we're both really happy. It'll probably be in May/Junethanks... in May or June we thinkif we can find somewhere, apparently people book stuff like 2 years in advancebut we just want a small wedding then a big ceildh partywhat's your address in London actually?my mum says you have to send paper invitationsmy mum is more excited than mecome to Glasgow for New Years!oh yeah, Hen party, didn't even think about thathahagreased up hairless stripperoh myyeah! Dan and I are going, Jude, Rachel, Gus, Andy, (my pals Gemma and Frd)ok better get back to the grindstone... be in touch about HEN HEN HEN;)mary mary, what is your postal address? xxHi hi! I would really like to see you but it might be hard to get to Glasgow since I'm supposed to be dress shopping with my mum.... Arghh. Let me see what she has in store for meBrilliant!Hi Callum - I have a small question for you, did you post this photo on the Mac Photo Archive? http://the-mac-photo-archive.net/#view/114I Have been asked my a magazine if they can use some photos from the website and I wanted to ask permission first.Great - Thanks for your contribution too. Do you maybe have a higher resolution version? The one online is only 800px. You will of course get full credit in the magazine, it's called Disegno Dailycool! Nice job, is it going well?Sure, if you have any questions about the archive just get in touch.Hey, don't go to too much trouble - can I also tell the writer that they can use one of your other photos?waaaaa, i don't know if I can be back by then ....hopefully but i can't promise :(8.30? yum yum?shall I get some dinner on the way home?ok dokey bum face.boooooo

I am a bad flatmate - can I swap my cooking day with one of you? I doubt I'll be home for dinner :(


Lizzie xyeah, sorry, I will make haggis next time :)lekkkkkerrrrrrrrrrwas toby there?lekker lekker, lets make the boy who is on holiday cook... :)I've lost track of our rota, who's dinner is it tonight? Shall Toby and I go to the Asian supermarket after the muscle factory?

Lizzie xyum yum http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nixR6wVa4HYBLUNTwho's mar? Isn't it your day Tobi? I also havn't been paid yet Annie :( You need a hand shopping Tobi?oi oi,

It's my dinner day I guess... any requests?Too busy to cook so how about I bring home Surinamese food form Moksi? They have good Roti....yeah i just won't have time to pick up ingredients - if you cook that's great - I will take your next day.

but if you don't feel up to it I can just get some take-out on the way home.

LizzzzzzzzzzieThat is really shitty - but other things will be in the pipeline. Not sure how late I'll be tonight - can't wait for a 3 musketeer dinner.

Lizzard xstuffed peppers?I just wrote a huge message and then it was deleted. Here is a summary -  

Tobi - tonight turned into studio officialdom - sorry for not responding.

Annie - I am still expecting you home.

Tobi & Annie, are you up for movie night with Dan as curator/ downloader and me as veggie curry chef?
doooooooooooie

Lizzie xhahahahah nice one tobiAnnies in LUUURRRVE.

I'm hungover and don't want to cook so will pay for pizza instead.

See you tonight.......

LizzieAnnie can you gather any soft things in the attic for us to lie on while movie-ing?today is apparently a day of exclamation marks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dan, maybe Edwin, Tobi, Me and you... Film choices are The Departed, Midnight in Paris, Psycho (1999), Psycho (1960), The King's Speech....... and we are taking any other requests...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hahahahame no speaky englishyeah I can do it, although i don't have much time so it will be a quick to make oneI'll do it because I'll have less time as the week goes on!whatever you so desire, I could go for some oven chicken though...the one we usually stick in the oven - the legs.
Pepper soup sounds yum.

LizzzzzzzzzieYeah it might make her uncomfortable because I'm not sure she knows Floris told me.

Maybe ask Susana which doctor she goes to. Do you need antibiotics?is that ok Tobi? we'll be quiet... :)

ps. who's dinner day is it?oh jaand by sleepover you mean orgy?hangover?I'm scared about the day :(you guys coming to paas at 6?goodddddd my pretty little munchkins. ps Annie you snored.ye-ha. I think you might get bagels in the eco plaza so I will check at lunchtime. I'll let you know if I find some.

Tobi = studyeah just make anything and I'll get bagels if I canyum yum in ma bellyI will bring pleasant conversationTobi, this is for you
http://80smuscle.blogspot.com/

Have fun tonight!!!tomorrow morning around 7.30 so I will come in and disturb your hangover sleepingfast internet, hot showers, full fridge, soft water... but no Tobi and Annie, not quite as good :)ja ja, sounds goodwoooooooopyo yoooooo,

I'll let you know about paas, otherwise it's y day to cook.

Dan might be teaching today so not sure.

liz Biz xlekker whore, I'll be home at 6.30 but going running - dinner at 8 pretty plz?yeah i can help 8pm or later is fine with mei'm soooo confusedit's my turn I think - I can make chilli con carne? or curry?ps - completely WASTED last night I went to bed at 4.30:show do you do puke face :-Sno! I have a strong stomach for booze :)Thanks do much for yesterday! Home safe and sound, Lizzie and Dan xxi just called, thought this was ronald!ah cheers, but that's the studio number I called from mine is 0681879473yeah will do, quite swamped though so probably not until 7aye man, just ignore all the dildos and crack cocainehttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ox1Tore9nwsounds great - although I have to work bit later as I'm going on holiday tomorrow - home around 7.30... that too late?hoi hioooooooiiihey annobi (annie/tobi)obi wan annobido you mean the the theatre thing i mentioned?Parade Den Haagnow I am confused - there was something at the gementemuseum but that is over nowthe KABK show is still onKABK is pretty goodfree as a birdheheok got to go, have an awesome weekend - look forward for a catchup on sundaypeaaaaaaaaaaaace xyo annie can you check in my room if i left my hair straighteners on? I feel nervous...feeling better? Sorry for being grumpy asshole yesterday... you going to Amsterdam tonight?yeah yeah - come at 6 bring tobeeeeeee and daan :)wooooooooo! was he nice? not a frat lad? tell me more.Sup yo, annieeeeeeeeeeeeeee - are you heading to the centre today? if yes - could you pretty please bring my laptop - I realised I really want to take it to Scotland. peace out, lizzie xxwoop woop - i'll be here until 7, will have a beer around 6 if you'd like to joinjah jah, it's under my dying flowers i think!wrinkle-feast!did you get maaaaaaaaaaaashed?i made some tea would you like some m'ladyps - i wish we had a real bathi'm scared of the hurricaneyas - just woke upoooooooooooooookstill want dinner - I don't know what to buyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?unfortunately I will be dining at my desk tonight - pulling a late one :(hey duude, the washing machine is broken btw. :(
All my stuff finished half way through a cycle so I had to put it on the balcony to dry. Could you bring it in tomorrw when it is not full of gallons of water anymore? THANKS! Lizzie xxgoodner...yo yoare you onliney lineit's ok we spoke on the mobiler telephone which has no cord and is wireless..comWEIRD MOOD:)hahahathat must suck for youi came home, had a shower and washed my hair - but you were gabbing away on the phone :)woo bring it! 6pm paas? Can you pretty please bring my sunglasses too, they're on my mantelpiece.hey hey, I can cook tonight, but could you check if we have sesame oil or rice wine vinegar... we did at one point but they might be gone. Lizzie xalso, if you feel like calling Ronald... :) Just because he knows you a bit.Oh man - things are kicking off here again so I will stay to help Floris. 

But in some good news, Thomas left a moleskine notebook on my desk saying "thanks for all the hard work" so I feel much better.

See you tonight,

Lizzie xno I wont be back in tim I'm afraid - tomorrow will be meeeeeeeyo biatch (or something less offensive) Can you please bring me 3 kirby grips when you arrive at the public house that goes by the name of De Paas? They're in my make-up bag on my drawers in mijn kamer. DANK JE, Lizzie xxi think you call them a bobby pin...
but in scotland boaby means penis so this would not work for us...6pmpokenot eaves dropping but are you guys choosing Facebook profile pictures together...?!I asked Daan to call him for me. By the waaaaaaaay, should we make an event for the party on Sat?He's teaching today amigo. If you have a lot to read we can swap dinner days, I will do today and you can do tomorrow?this message made no sense....Yup I will ;)noooooooo, life is good.I asked her, when is modselektorrrrrrr? I can't wait to party on Satit's cool, where'd you go?to cheer you up
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMNDdnYOjWwstrange danish peoplewhats nsfw?he he, have you also got a GSOH?curl up in bed and treat yourself kindlyhmmmmm, my mum always made very sweet hot tea.
Just something warm and comforting :)night walk on the beach!cool, I'm going for a run after work as I am now in training mode for winter climbing. Then it's Tobi's day for dinner I think.

Don't worry about having a rest, just embrace it.

Lizzie xyou want me to get something for dinner? Spanish Omelet?yo yo, you still awaaaaaaake?

Spoke to my mum and in her words they are 'delighted' to have you for Xmas.

One thing she had to tell me though is that she had booked 2 nights for her and I in a spa up North on 22nd and 23rd- so is it cool if you arrive on 24th? There is a flight really early and will get into Edinburgh about the same time as us.

But the tickets are going fast, shall I just buy you a ticket now and you can pay me back... So you can't escaaaaaaaape hahahahait's just because they keep getting more expensive the more you wait, it is €130 return right now, which is not to shabby. 

You want to come back on 27th / 28th?

Let me know and send me your passport number and I'll gog for it,

Lizzarrrrrrrdxexpiry date?ok Anne,

You're booked, I'll forward you the boarding pass.

Party in EDINBORO!

Lizzie xyo annie it's your day right?because I think I might not make it...boopyo i am coming home - worst day ever, server was down and i got no work donewhat time you want me / should I pick anything up?hahahahah
http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/1837861/02af6735/zwarte_piet.htmlcool beanz,

I borrowed your mouse noise thing last night because for the 3rd night in a row it was being super noisy.

 I meant to put it in your room this morningbut forgot....

How was dinner?

Liz biz xit's cool - but I think we should ban your new boots being put on until you are leaving the house - or get you a wheelchair...?

Anyhoo - is it your turn for dinner? I can also do it but I want to go swimming after work so it would be about 8.30.

Lets go for a wander tonight.... on the beeeeeeeeeach.

Lizzie xwas it fun? Tobi tells me we get to meet Edgar tonightwe missed youDo you want a ticket for Sunday biaaaatch?

Lizzie xSo Katka go COMPLETELY wasted and the police saw us and made us go to the police station with her and then they called an ambulance so Dimi, Thomas Dan and I went to the hospital with her.... She was fine in the end just totally out of it... I bet she's embarrassed this morning!

How was your date? 

ps. your profile picture is kind of scaryWas it a 'ground swallow me up' moment?

I'm having dinner with Susana tonight...

btw Tobi went on a date with Olya!aye just take it m'lday! Shall I just buy you a ticket? It €11BOOOOOOOOO.Hello Olena!

Hows it hanging? You bak in Ukraine yet? I'm back at work in Edinburgh and so very bored, spending too much time on facebook and not doing any work!

Is there any way you could e-mail me a copy of my bath shot? My mum wants to see it and I think Marta took the cd away with her.

Hope you're well! Also when are you back in Glasgow as I'm gonna have a 21st party at the end of July....

Lizzie xoh don't worry about it, it's my fault for not bothering to copy the cd! my e-mail is lizzie@welcometohicksville.com if you get a chance.

Pratt sounds amazing, I am very jelous! you will miss some of the Glasgow winter blues.

Have a great summer dude!

Lizzie xshiiiiit! Nadine I am so sorry, I read this on my phone and for got to reply. Yes, we have your bag, the wine is still intact...! You can drop by any day to pick it up. I can also take it to the studio if that's easier?Peace, LizzieHey Hey Nadine! I still have a bottle of wine and your sunglasses... you're welcome to come get them whenever. I am very proud that I have not drunk the wine.hey ca nadine... yup, in the google doc!now:)how was it?i am totally beat:SHa ha! Sign up for Leiden in May!(image reference: messages/stickers/126362034215260.png)My legs are alsoAs aboveI just read that someone died after the half marathon....Yeah... Pretty sadzing!coming to rotterdam on Sat too?Run tomorrow morning?NADINE! Do you have any time to make portraits of me and my brother before May 14th? It's for my Dad's birthday. I think he would love it!Let me know if it's possible and how much it would cost in jelly beans.or Euros, whatever you prefer ;)Actually... now the plan is that I go over to Edinburgh as a surprise, so ignore my request!ps: wanna run tomorrow morning? 8am?Hello people, giving the American a taste of Haggis tonight, can you come for dinner at 8pm?

Peeeeeeeace,

Lizzie xJust enquiring as to wether you could beat me up again tomorrow morning? I need to re-shoot THE FIGHT.

I know you might be going out tonight after the exhibition so it can be later than 10am... or another day if you'll be too tired!

Let me know, I will provide dinner in the evening as payment!(image reference: messages/photos/10153080688158573.jpg)Merry Xmas and thanks for the photos, looks like you've got a DJ in the making! Xxarlo's rockin' that folding chair :)send me the yukky cup of tea video!Hooray! Welcome Jarvis :)Hey Raoul,

Hows things? I was just looking at my old bookmarks and came across Roughhands myspace page, good tunes!

Hope London is treating you well, I'm well into final year and it's pretty good, just a crap-load of stuff to do.... best wishes to you and Annika for the new year and all that.

Peace

LizzieHey Alex, nice to have you back! We just got back from Scotland and feeling too tired to come out, see you Monday though... LizzieHey Bec... I was approached by a Glasgow acquaintance who is looking for a graphic design freelancer for Jan and Feb in Rotterdam. I thought you might be interested.... Shall I pass on your name?  PEACE... LizzieHey cool, I sent him your email. I'm not exactly sure what studio it is actually because he is also working as a freelancer I think. His name is ivor Williams, http://www.ivorwilliams.info, he was a few years above me at glasgow school of art, seems like a good guy. Peace and merry Xmas!Great! Hope we can hang out soon for a beer, LizzieYo Bec, hope you got the party invite for tomorrow! LizzieDUUUUDE, how's it hanging?

Yeah i definitely want to come back mid-december and do some winer hiking / climbing? Are you up for going for 5 days or something? 

Lizzard xcool beans - no I am staying here for the forseeable future I think, my job is permanent and I have a nice man-friend :) I will actually be in Glasgow in October to do a workshop at GSA so if you feel like heading up from Durham - or even better come and stay with me in Holland - I'll show you the fun times of Den Haag!

I might be able to make it for your birthday thing if that is still happening - I could make a last minute flight over... 

Peaaaaace,

Lizzzzie xcool - is manchester the closest airport?Chazzy B! How is Aus?Charlotte!I hear you are in London this weekend, so am I by chance. Maybe a pint on Sunday?Yes plzzzzzWe are flying back to NL on Sunday evening but would love to join for a pint! Can I bring Dan?3124Hallo Duitsers,

Will you be in Berlijn the weekend 4-6th Novembrrrr? I'm planning visit. Liz Biz xxbooked!awesome!are you no longer there ben?yeah definitely, let me know when you're arriving etc.I think it's a bit wierd giving jess money to go travelling, do you?  Friends should get her a travel diary or something!Kate I am craaaaaaaap, please come for dinner next week so I can apologise for being such a shit replyer.

I don't think I should get involved with doing work for Dave's bro, I'm already snowed under and will have very little free time. It's better I avoid letting people down.

If you give me his email or number I can explain.

Peace and Love, Lizzard xxxKate,

I miss you! I am so stressed right now, boo hoo but wanted to say good luck with exams and see you on the other side?

Liz Biz xKate Cargill!

You were in my dreams last night, we went to Optimo and danced a lot and you had red hair (possibly some sort of hybrif between you and Jess?)

Anyway... It made me think how I'd like to catch up with you when I am back over Christmas, 23rd to 3rd. 

Egg nog.

Lizzie xxhoi hioyou were stinking about me? i don't smell that badho ho hobet you miss that quality of humourhah weird, how long are you there for?haha, hows the course going?aye, tis barry, got a swell new room with a huge balconyand it's super warmjob is goodDen Haag, that would be awesome if you came. It's about 35mins from A'Damjaaaa, I'm feeling a bit paranoid today as I was quite stoned last night, woooopscoming back for the degree show in 2 weeks, can't wait to see scotlandwe should hang like big williesI'm staying with Jude I think,try to avoid the copious amounts of drugs!ok better go, i am also trying to work but my brain feels like a pickled walnut rattling around in my skullaye man, ik zal je bellen!i will call you!(in dutch)Kate pal! 

I saw this and it reminded me of you... because we pissed ourselves so much at the 'oh long johnson' cat... :)

Hope you are well and enjoying the job, how exciting that you are a person with real authority! 

All is well here, working like a dog but having a ball.

Hope you'll be around at Christmas fanny baws.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKI-tD0L18A&feature=player_embedded#!yaaaaaaaa http://lizziemalcolm.com/kate.htmlHey hey, my maw told me you got a job at murrayburn, though I'd send my congrats!  hope to see you when I'm back for the festival, Liz biz xaye good good, was insanely busy for the past 6months so now taking it a bit easy and leaving work on time!

Also having a secret relationship with my colleague which is a bit of a minefield as not sure what bosses/other colleagues will make of it - but what the hell! Thought you might enjoy the gossip!

When do you start?

Liz Biz xxYou did really well amigo, it must be nice to get some security. We are all real people now, scary!

Yeah the work thing is weird. To be honest I think I am more freaked out than he is, but I am a bit of a commit-a-phobe. I just keep thinking what if it goes wrong and it's all super awkward. hmmmm

Anyhoo, I'm coming over with Dan (the guy) and a bunch of other friends for the festival at the beginning of August so it'd be great to have a BBQ with you or something.

I hope yer not on holiday or summit,

Say hi to Heather and Gordon for me,

Liz Bizzzzard xoi cargill!yeah barry - are you going to be about for the festival? I'm coming back in August9th-16th August, there's 6 of us coming from NLoh man, i feel a bender coming on! looking forward to it...+31681879473barry :)In toooon tonight hen? BetsThanks! I'm pretty excited, although not about planning it! We will both be in Edinburgh from 28thI know right! Sad to miss you, how is Norway? I'd love to visit some time.Yes, you're very welcome, we've got a spare room. We can go and whitey in Amsterdam with the other stoner teens , or something more civilized! xxOnly 30 mins on the choo chooHey hey hey, can you send me your email address? Liz Bizoh and your sis'sta henHappy birthday!!!! Remember to come to den Haaghey hey kate kate, what is your snail mail address in Norway?Kate!Can't believe you're coming all the way from Norway for it, means a lot :)see you in a few weeks!Yeeeeeees!3 weeks inSo good! Just settled into our flat and looking for a studio, but I feel so at home it's pure Barry!Dan loves itTennants all the wayFo Sho!Would love to catch upIt's in the cal so let me know when you area boutsuper xxhelloo hello, I hope you received a present from us in the post...? I wanted to make sure it actually got there!helloo hello, I hope you received a present from us in the post...? I wanted to make sure it actually got there!Hmmm, didn't mean for that double whammy!ah good! everyone told me it was a weird present to get a 30 year old woman, but I didn't! For all your outdoor adventures ;)FFS!lol, I though I'd pick the most redonk font for the endravingmy pleasue – now go and whittle some sticks!do it!yo graham, I have a car from 28th-31st if you're up for a route. I am super keen... I missed last season so can only lead IV I think.... V if it's mixed... maybe Em has free time too. 

God Damn Netherlands....

Lizziehey man, nah back in work today... short trip!nah sorry dean - not on my machine. I'll ask downstairs.hey - my boss has it at home so I can give it tomorrow - but not today sorryyup, you too?sweet! see you then!Hey Dean - to be honest there is not an awesome selection! But I liked:
Little V (Vietnamese)
Garoeda (Indonesian)
Vincenzo's (pizza)
KUA (Mexican)

Enjoy!
LizzieHi Martin, are you trying to get in touch with Tobi in Berlin? Dan is there with him I thinksounds like tobi! Dan's number is +31639657055hmmm, no mistakes, try it like this 0031639657055, Kai's number is 0031624477057Hi roosje, no I don't know any more than what Rob last let me know, that she had returned to France and was being treated therefor sure, that is the day of my dealine for this new project so I'm sure I'll be up for it. Count me in.great... but it's so far away!what am I supposed to do before then?ha ha, no, I mean I wish it was soonerThe Hague is boringyeah, great, it's a lot of funbut with great power comes great responsibility... or somethinglooks like you guys are having a blastI'll be there on 28thgood goodEvey!

I hope all it well with you, Hugh and the wee bairn. My address is:

Daguerrestraat 197 
Den Haag
2512TS
Nederland

You guys are living near Sandbach now right? Give me love to Tash too,

Liz Bizzzzard xeveyyy

Just to let you know I never received the wedding invitation you messaged me about but I'd love to come.. unless you deliberately didn't send it ;-)

Hope you, Hugh and the wee lassie are all well,

Lizzzzzard xOh and...

I'm in Edinburgh from 15th December so lets hang out if you are around. A walk in the Pentlands?

By boyfriend Dan is coming over for New Year too, do you have any planz?

Lizzie xEVEYYY!

What's up? It sucked we never managed to catch up over Christmas, I even have a very belated 'birth' gift for Alice which I hope makes it to her someday, perhaps on her 18th birthday.

Unfortunately I am contacting you with crappy news, I'm going to be away in Milan for work on the weekend of your wedding so I won't be able to make it. I hope this doesn't cause to much inconvenience!

Dan is really annoyed because he was looking forward to wearing a kilt... and getting drunk with Andy!

I'm actually over in Scotland next moth to do some stuff at GSA so maybe we can hang in Edinburgh then,

Peeaaaacceeee  out,

LizzzzieYeah I'm doing a workshop but that usually incorporates a public lecture which you're welcome to come to, if you want to hear my ramblings!

What's your address in Edinburgh and what's Alice's exact birthday actually?

About Thom - I was super shocked, I only found out once it was born!

Liz Biz xhttp://www.lizziemalcolm.com/thom.htmlThom!Ha ha yes, I thought you might be seeing me, sorry I didn't answer I was talking to my new boss!I have tutorials now, are you free at 4pm?Thom missed a call from you.You called Thom.Hey Rob, Britt, when are you guys heading to the party? Don't want to be getting hugs without you ;)I can't shake this cough so going to give the party a miss. Have a good one and see you @ Open Dayyo yo, me and pina are going to as220

http://www.as220.org/calendar.html

its a cool bar downtown, we're meeting at 9, come come.

Lizzieyou're on Facey-bookread brookers new articleis it funny?boooooo. bring back pre-baby brookerall my facebook is is photos of what people ate for dinner last nightnips n tittieswill will will...Dan and I are in town over the weekend - hope to see you Glasgow style!we're here! sitting in Nice & Sleazy's ya'llgotta teach at GSA tomorrow so not a late one but having a few beeerz, what are the weekend plans? liz bizWILL! What is your email address? Dan and I have something to send youhey hey will will, what is your snail mail address for some post?great, Dan just said out loud "I can't wait to see Will Copeland":)ZING!Should be in Glasgow some time before then so will let you know, peace &Hi Sheree... my Mum asked me to make a random secret santa. You have Norma, tough one ;)Hope you're wellHey hobby headWe're going to this party in crystal palace but ordering a taxi for 1am to bring us back into townSo yes, let us try to meet in town, we are actually staying in hackney so that's perfectAyeI'll buzz you later when we're leaving crystal palaceZing!Bubble and Mary's exhibitionhey mawyou can speak here....its raining here too :(i swam this morning and was thinking of you both!he he, miss you mama :)deal! :)having a nice day?sounds nice, I'm at work, writing code and earning $$$ ;)We had the meeting with KABK and Royal Conservatory yesterday... will find out before Xmas.yum yumi know, it was a long email, not had time to parse it yet... busy monday:)he'll be happyI tried to catch you last night but no luck, I'm at work so can we make it this eveing?love you too xxxjarvis!HahahahHey Hannes,

I have a boring request of you!

I have a bill for electricity from April (24th) till end of June (31st). It's £18 each, if you could put it in my account or maybe give it to Mary... Or I'm sure I'll see you soon.

Hope you had a good summer and I apologize for the topic of my correspondence, I hate being in charge of bills!

Lizzie xHi guys,

Can I make it 9.30 at mine as I've got printing to do first, PEEEEEEEEEACE.

Liz BizHey guys I am really sorry but I think i'll have to cancel dinner tonight.

I havent been to the supermarket or anything and I have to print my ass off this afternoon so I wont have time to cook either, can we re-schedule for next week when I have time to cook up a storm.

Please still come over to drink! around 9?

So sorry,

Lizziecan't wait... should I bring any food?

Lizzieayeeeeeeee, I'll bring the ketchup and cheese, I also have lots of prawns so will put them on squewers for any fish eaters,

LizzieI'll be on my computer most of the day so just let me know though faceboooooook if if it's still on.

PeaceeeeeShall we die on Saturday then? You may have to carry me the last few miles.

I suggest we start at 10, gives us a chance to have a long nap once we get back before Jude's party. Also I have a small backpack with waist straps, we can put a bit of water in there and share the burden of the bag as we go along?

Lizzardddddd xah cool! we should set up a tin can phoneline. When can you move in? We should have a dagerre-party-hopping extravaganza.fijn weekend amigo! xyo vera, are you going to grote markt tonight?cool, what time?cool, i think i'm meeting susana & kai there, I'll keep my phone on - we should cross paths!0681879473cool bananasfeel like seeing harry potter tonight??Vera! I am also in NYC, funny! I'm going to New Haven tomorrow. How long are you here for? I leave a week todayOh man I am leaving tomorrow morning for New haven then not back until Tuesday night, we'll miss each other! I messaged Eric but didn't hear from him. Have fun and let's meet back in Den Haag to swap stories, let's hope my interview goes wellhi Frank, is there any chance you could bring in your bird books for the open day – we wanted to show the website on a screen in the imd room. Let me know. LizzieGreat, it will be in one of the classrooms. I am actually at home sick so can't guarantee where!yeah - I'll come straight from the studioi think it starts at 6...yeah sure I'll ask him, is it over e-mail?

lizzieHey Julia! Oh man that would have been nice but we are in the USA until the start of September sorry. But if you come back you are welcome any timeHey Martijn, Vertical Cinema in Glasgow? need some tips? ;)Australasia here I come! Back in my room in Glasgow now, really enjoying having lots of space and little mice friends. Start school on Monday so nose to the grindstone.

Like your profile picture Jukka!

Lizzard xxHey arse 'oles.

You get my message about dinner tonight?? 7.30, let me knowwwwwwwww.

LizzieHAY! Yeah things are great here, just started my own studio with Dan and 2 others so been busy for the past few months. Nice to be my own boss. When can we arrange a visit? Are you studying there? Lizzzzzzzzzzzie xaaaah! I would love to but I can't get away this month, too much shit going on. Can I come in the spring with my bicycle?ayeYo yo, who's turn is it for dinner - I hope not mine :)a bit later? I wanted to run after work. But you guys can start without me.Hi Pina,

Hows it going? Just thought I'd ay hello as a fello exchnge student! What date are you flying out? I think i'll go on the 10thFeb and get over jetlag for the welcome breakfast thing (wierd)

Anyway, I hope we can all go for a pint sometime

oh and I'm studying Illustration and Graphics,

Lizzieaye aye amigo,

how about AS220. It's pretty cool bar downtown and they usually have an exhibition on Fridays,

http://www.as220.org/

wooooooooooo

Lizziemeet you inside at 9?Yeah me too! I had to go taking photos today... I expect the quality will be looooow.

Dinner sounds great, what's your address? Little Gordon wants to consume my crippled liver.

from PUNJABI MCjah I'm in the library trying to read with blurry eyes.

See you 8.30!

LizzieHey man, 

I was so shit you got lost last night! Sorry my phone is still out of action, I hope you didn't get too cold!

How do you feel about going to Martha's Vineyard to stay at my room mates holiday house at the weekend, we could get a lift from her on Friday night and come back Sunday afternoon, just some time to walk on the beach etc,

Let me know amigo. Lauren is totally welcome too.

Liz Biz xYeah Leahs mum is going that direction so will drive us there... free everything!

She is picking us up from my place at 6.30, you think you could get out of class to meet me at 6pm outside the Library? You could just bring a wee bag to school. You have a swimming costume? I hear there is a sauna, !

Peace

Lizzie xIf you could ask your teacher to leave a little earlier? We have to be at mine at 6.30 because I think Leah's mum is waiting for us to finish class... It takes about 20 mins to get to mine from school.

Just cry and say you're jetlagged!

I can't wait to freeze my face off on the beach.

Liz Biz xOh Gott, mein Hintern ist so kalt wie ein Gletscher.*

*courtesy of Google TranslateI am such an idiot, I forgot my phone today.

I'm in a talk untill 1pm, I hope you get this before you try to call me and you can send me an e-mail of where to meet.

I'll be on my computer!

Lizzie is a schtink tier.I know..... I am such a tube!

Yes lunch tomorrow, 12.30 at the met?

Liz biz xI am such a retard, I forgot my phone again. Are you still wanting to go to the cinema tonight?

Lizzie xHey Pina,

Bah what a lot of mis-communication. I had no internet access in NY... also I thought you knew I was going away and that's why we were going to do it on Monday.

Also I'm sorry I didn't realise it was getting near the deadline. Anyway, all that aside, lets just get it finished tomorrow. How does 2.30 sound, at yours or school?

Peace out and happy easter!

I really need my Dad to go home now, I haven't done any work in a week. Fuck.

Whats this about NYC, did you get an internship? We need to go back soon!

Lizzie xHi Pina mina, 

Hope you are feeling better today amigo,

We are meeting at 6.10 in the library to book some bus ticket to NY for the weekend, you still up for it? I hope so,

Not seen you in frikkin ages my German compadre,

Lizzard xHello pina mina,

No money on my phone now... need to top it up!

I am swamped this weekend, I have a final crit on Monday... should be ok but a lot to do.

Do you think we could film the film on Saturday? I am taking out a dv cam for the weekend and would love to show the film at my final review on Monday.

Fancy some wine at mine on Friday night?

LizzardYeah Sat evening is great, I'll bring you beer. I know I need one!

Peace and love,

LIZZZZZZZZZZZZIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE XPina I am so worried, 

Leah had a freak out in New York and send me this wierd drunken message and now I can't get in touch with her, can you try calling her too?

I hope she's ok

Thanks, LizzieHey Pina Mina,

sorry it's taken me so long to reply, I've been away climbing for a week, so fun but very very tired!!!

The shop is called SBI Hunts, I really have to rush right now, send you a proper e-mail tomorrow!

Missing you guys, wish you were here to have fun in Glasgow,

Peace and love,

Lizzie xHello ms Berlin,

I miss you guys. It looks like you are having a blast in NY though, very bohemian!

All is well here, I'm enjoying not having a job VERY MUCH, money is running out but I feel so relaxed. Just hanging out in Glasgow with friends and climbing lots. I don't think I realised how tense RISD had made me!

I hope you haven't spent all your pennies so you can come to Scotland when Leah is here, you wont have to pay for accommodation or food so get your bum over here. Braveheart calls you.

It's the film festival in Edinburgh right now which is really cool, lots of great films and celebrities roaming around.

OK, peace and love Germany and let me know how you guys are doooooing,

Lizzard xxPina pina.

Just had an overwhelming urge to send you an e-mail, I was looking back though all my pictures and got a little nostalgic. I have a huge mix of feelings looking through them, the main one being that I wish I could have another week there so we could all hang out.

How has Berlin been? I'd love to have spent the summer there, Edinburgh has been fun,  mix of climbing mountains some days then going on drug fuelled benders the rest, my best mate Judith is a very bad influence on me... I blame it all on her. My poor brain. Oh well, I feel I can go a bit crazy this summer as the fast approaching year of school is going to be very tough.

How did things an out with Ole? It must have been really strange meeting him is a completely different context, I hope it was without upset. I wish so much we could go for a beer and a long chat, maybe soon I will descend upon Germany or you will bring some Deutch charm to the fair town o' Glasgow. You are always welcome!

Okkkkk my German compadre, keep safe, keep warm and keep a small bat under your pillow in case of emergencies.

Peace,

Lizzardo xxPEEENA,

Thanks for the long reply, it broke up a very long library session that was giving me mind explosion syndrome (it exists).

It is annoying how nothing ever seems to be uncomplicated, although it seems pretty exciting to have such a good connection with someone. I agree with you that you should just let it develop organically and if you feelings get stronger then eventually you can think about telling Lisa, but I wouldn't say you had an obligation just yet.

Did Leah come to visit you in Berlin? She is supposed to be arriving here on Saturday but you know Leah... plans change frequently! I'm looking forward to seeing her but to be honest it is really bad timing. I have the first draft of my dissertation due in and a little behind, oh well I guess I'll jut have to deal with it! Leah might have to entertain herself during the day sometimes but I think that's fair... because her plans have been too erratic for me to prepare for her visit!

Studio work is stressing me out a little, lots of ideas and no clear route through, or around, them. I sort of know it will all figure out in the end, it usually does.

My best friend Jude, who I've lived with (amongst others) for 3 years, well her boyfriend Seb, who is also my friend has just moved in. I thought I would be ok with it but I have been getting REALLY jealous. I never saw that side of me before it actually makes me laugh on retrospect. I just want him to not be there sometimes, I miss doing the mundane things with Jude that we used to do together like cook and go to the supermarket etc. Oh I guess it is just life and I have to get over it, I know that absolutely NO good will come of me bringing it up, then she will feel obligated to spend time alone with me which will do out friendship no good... I just need a boyfriend of my own maybe!

Anyway, that is my boring moaning over, life is good though, I love being at school. A lucky life I'd say.

Sending you Scottish kisses (commonly known as a head-butt)

Lizzie xxx

ps. Did you ever get your films digitalized? If yes I would love a copy... I could refund you the postage etc.Ha nae worries pal, I am just as useless at staying in touch, even with my friends that live in bloody Glasgow!

It must be weird that Leah and Robert are together, Fair enough I suppose, she does manage to get herself into complicated situations that girl!

I'm doing good here, I've been climbing soooo much, Scotland has had really good winter weather for ice climbing so I've become a bit addicted, every weekend really, good for the soul but not so good for the workload. I'm quite far behind. It makes me happy though so I don't really care!

I've started seeing a climbing friend called Jamie so that's good too, I'm not sure about it all yet but we'll see. 

Love to you and Koln and sausages and beer and lederhosen.

I love haggis and kilts and bagpipes and deep fried mars bars.

Liz Biz xxHeloooo

My address is 

Flat 1
58 West Princes Street
Glasgow
G4 9BP
Scotland
UK
The 3rd Dimension.

I'm excited.... !Yeaaaaaah, I know I am so bad at it too, but I haven't forgotten you.

I'm off for an interview in The Hague this month so might be moving to Holland, that's much closer to Germany than stupid old Scotland, yay.

Love to you,

Lizzie xYes I am, hooray! I'm moving in September but one of my best friends has moved to Berlin so I'll be coming to Germany for a weekend in October I think, will you be in Koln then? Peace and Love,
Lizie xwoo are you working in Delft now??? I'm in Berlin teaching a workshop for a week in November but will be around later on... come come! Lizzie xHey Pina, I'm coming to Koln on Saturday!

Would be cool to meet up for a beer in the evening if you're around,

Liz Biz xthis was a shame! Next time you go to Amsterdam let me know and we can meet for a bier ja?

Liz Biz xxPINA!

I don't know if you ever look on here,

But I'm coming to Koln this weekend with my boyfriend and a housemate. I'd love to grab a beer with you!

LizzardHey Pina,

I'm feeling much better now thanks - it's sort of crazy what happened. I went to see a doctor here and they said I was really burned out. Overworked etc. But I'm going home toScotland for Christmas tomorrow so I can rest there.

I feel really stupid that we had to meet again under those circumstances. I'd really like to hang out again some time soon. Perhaps if you'll be in the Netherlands soon or I will be back in Koln.

It was really good to catch up in that short time though!

Speak soon,

LizziePina! This is so weird - you popped up in a dream of mine last week! Anyway I am actually in the process of moving into a new flat in Glasgow today - Dan (who is now my husband) decided to move from The Netherlands a few months ago. You are more than welcome to visit us anytime. I am sometimes in London for work too so let me know what your dates are. Hope all is well with you, I promise not to pass out this time!yo yo Meneer Farmer,

My Maw just got me a Trakke bag for Xmas I think, keep an eye out for a 'Malcolm' order ;)

How Tricks in Glasgow?Yo Alec! I have a question for you.My boyfriend wants to get a couple of the new Trakke Shackles for his brother's Christmas... any change they could make it to NL before 12th December?They look sweet btw, hope alls well, LizzieAwesome - I'll get him to do it today. All is good here, I recently left LUST to start my own gig - temp website here: http://openwork.net LizzieMerry Christmas to you and sheree too, I just woke up in a snowy michigan, had to go to an all American church yesterday which was just as bad as you think! But now for presents and egg nog, looking forward to seeing you in 2014 some time, Lizzie xxxHi Nadine, long time no speak! Facebook tells me that you have been travelling round Colombia so I thought I would contact you for some advice. 

Dan (Powers) and I are about to get married and heading to Colombia for our honeymoon on 6th July – maybe you have some tips for us, something we shouldn't miss?

Our route is: Bogota, Santa Marta, Ciudad Perdida, Tayrona, Cartagena, Cañon de Río Claro, Medellin.

Anyway, Hope you are doing well and having a great time travelling.

Best,
Lizzie (& Dan)Thanks so much for this Nadine, it was an incredible trip – we just got back after 3.5 weeks.
and happy birthday!
LizzieHey GuardianData - Check out this map we made, inspired by your women's rights dataset

http://777voting.comWe miss you and are thinking of you,

Liz Biz xhey man,

Jude told me your Gran died on Sunday, all I can say is I hope you and your family are ok and I send you a big hug.

Work is going ok, I bought that 79 essays on design and finished it in a day, its really good, as a starting point for lots of topics anyway.

We have to do talks on a designer ech term and I got Kim Hiorthøy.. been researching him a but if you know anything extra special Norwegian!

Ok, take care of yourself mon ami

Lizzie xGorton! My USA number is 14012418407, I'm at school and my phone just ran oot of batteries, if you aren't getting facebook I will text you it tonight.

Peeeeeace amigo.Hello Norway,

Thinking of you all today, got some lovely shoes and a tasty bottle of whiskey that we can all sample in Spean,

Have a lovely day,

Peace and Love, Lizzie xmore synth!ayeeeewassssurpcome to NL, Italian manHe he, what a cutie! Definitely see your face in there :) Can't wait to meet him, Lizzie xHe he! It's the same size as him! Just woke up on this side of the globe, merry Christmas, xxHi Steven,

I’m a graphic designer and educator living in The Netherlands, where I teach at the Royal Academy of Arts (KABK). With some colleagues, I’m planning to set up a small collaborative project here in The Hague. It deals with Eco’s definition of open texts as a metaphor for transdisciplinarity.

The domain openwork.com is registered to your name but empty. If you have no further need for it, I wonder if you would be willing to part with it? We have some funds available for this. I would be happy to hear if you’re interested in helping us.

Many Thanks,

Lizzie Malcolm
mail@lizziemalcolm.comHi Rennie,

I bet your costume wasn't as good as mine. Kraftwerk with carboard laptops und mixers... Although dressing like a German man isn't a good look.

If you're still up for meeting about web stuff tomorrow, Just to let you know my phone has died. I'll be at home on 443 1703 or 07855509845.

If you've not arranged anything I'll probably pop into the office to say hi anyway,

Speak soon

Liz biz xyeah, thats great see you then! I'm still on 07855509845 if you change plans,

Lizzie xHappy festive times!

Lizzie xHey Rennie, thought you might get this on your iphone, 

I've left my phone at my friends house, just checking you were still on for babysitting tonight, 8.30 did you say?

LizzieHey Boss!

Good to hear from you, and you're going independent again? Are you glad to get out on your own?

I'm heading over to LDN with work in October so would really like to catch up. But this time over a beer, or perhaps coffee if it is laced with whisky.

Also, are you in the burgh over festival time? I'm coming over with the bf from 9th-16th August.

Give my love to the boys, I pure cannae believe the size of them.

Oh and you're getting married, congratulations! (or gefeliciteered as they say over here in clog-land)

Over and out,

Lizzie xThose dates are when I'm in Edinburgh - London in late September / October and I definitely won't forget! I'll be in touch,

Lizzie xHey boss, I'll be in London next weekend, if there is a random chance to meet for a drink it would be grand! Friday cocktail hour or Sat afternoon are free, hope all is well with you, LizzieWow, Dubai, big change! All the best with that and hopefully we'll manage a drink one day!Cheers cus, it got posted on this tech blog but there was quite a lot of skepticism so I made this other video to show it a bit better.... http://vimeo.com/31366215

You both around for Christmaaaaaaaaaz?Hi hi cus's 
I was wondering if you could help me out with finding a bar/pub for after the wedding ceilidh on 2nd July.

Thee ceilidh finishes at 1am, but I imagine people will want to go out for a drink after. Do you have any idea where about 30 people would go on a Saturday night at 1am! Wishful thinking?

Hope you're doing great!Cool, thanks for the help, I'll see what's on at both. But anywhere we can get a drink will be good!I will change oot my frock thoughU got it rightHa!(image reference: messages/photos/10154251228888573.jpg)This could go on for a while(image reference: messages/photos/10154351807953573.jpg)Hey Charlotte,

How's it going? Just checking what time you were going to pick up the car on Sat because I'd like to go to a flat viewing at 10.30am, it looks a good one!

Peace,

LizzieHey saw the place today instead, it was horrible!

So tomorrow is cool, around 10 ok?

Lizzzzzzie xHello!

Yeah your letter is here, shall I bring it to work and I can give it to you at HS? It saves you trekking all the way to Duindorp!

I found a really nice room near Weimarstraat, hooray!

Peaaaaaace.Heeeeey. ah this week has been another mental one, you still free tomorrow? around 12?

Lizzie xHey Charlotte, 

I moved into a new place today and guess what? It's with your graphic design friend Regina, small world huh?

Hope you had a nice break,

LizzieSounds good! I have to have dinner with the old folks first thoughFor those who's e-mail I don't have - come to our housewarming on Saturday 17th Nov @ 20.30. Everyone welcome,

Kockstraat 189,

Lizzie & Tobija of course!Yeah bring as many pals as you like, see you sat for shenanigansyeah thats totally cool - see you then!Ladies, 

Cinema tomorrow? ja ja

Pitch Perfect @ 1pm or 3.30pm

I have a party engagement at 8pm.

Peace and joy

LizzardOh myhey, yeah come cound any time! Look forward to seeing you and a glass of wine!

Lizzie xHi Rhona & Tommy,

Hope you had a good day yesterday!

I have a four to ask too, I'm off up north on the 28th and wondered if you had a walking axe that I could borrow? Mine are a little too technical for my current ability!

All the best,

LizzieCinema is 9pm at the Avon on Thayer.

We'll meet outside at 8.45 if you fancy it!

Lizzie xHey megan,

Hope yer summer is going well. I got a new phone and lost Sally's number, had a quick question for her before she jets off to USA, could you send it over to me?

What's going down, down south? Glasgow is crying with rain.

PEACEHey Megan, good to hear from you. I'm actually @ Warwick Uni for a conference this week but would be happy to chat with you about design in NL and Lustlab... maybe a Skype is easiest?BestLizzieHi Megan, sure, how about today around 4:30 GMT? or tomorrow afternoon?today at 4.30 is good, speak then, My skype is malcolm.elisabethHi Megan, can you make it 16:00 GMT? We're an hour ahead and I have to leave the studio a little earlier today.Hey Lindsay,

Yeah college is great, not as stressed as i should be probably but hey.

I'm back for Christmas on monday 14th and doing Rennie's dad's site so if you're about the shop that week we should have a chat and see what we can come up with etc, I'd like to help out.

Hope you're well too,

Lizzie xAh, saw it yesterday!Hey Tanja! Yeah sorry we weren't up to say goodbye, I went to bed at 8pm! It was great to meet you, hopefully again soon, Lizzie & Dan xHey Sarah, sorry to contact you out of the blue like this. Myself and my colleagues were browsing the designs at Knyttan and I remembered your brother was a founder.I started my own design studio a year ago and we'd LOVE to work with Knyttan on some patterns. Our site is here: http://openwork.net, 2 of us (kai & susana) have their previous studio here: http://carvalho-bernau.comI'd be SUPER grateful if you could pass on our interest!Hope all is well with you, LizzieThanks man, appreciate it! Hope to catch up on London soon, xThanks for the birthday message, it was a luverly day, quite chilled but nice. I got a very posh bottle of whiskey which we can all polish off in Glasgow-land!

Have you returned to the homeland? I was going to come through to meet the landlord for August, my mum said she gave you my rent for August. Anyhoo let me know where you're at and we can sort out who gets to meet the big daddy.

Peace and love and koalas

Lizzard xxxYay, I am bored in Edinburgh tooooo, I am cat sittting (yes) untill Monday so will pop through then I think, I'm desperate for a pint in a Glasgow pub,

I'll send you landlordios number asap,

Peace,

Lizzard xHey Om,
Fancy some hill training later? About 5pm? I was thinking over on my brothers street ITS STEEP.

Lizzie xOk but please download this for meee
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0844457/http://lizziemalcolm.com/omercan.htmlHey mikey, are you still going out tonight? My phone has died and I have no numberrrrrrs,

Call me at hame!

Lizzie xHey Mikey,

Hope you had a good birthday, did you get my card? I wasn't sure If I had the right e-mail,

Peaaaace,

Bets xHello mikey mike mike.

I'm back in Scotland from 23rd to 3rd, pissup, yes please! These tiny Dutch beers are shite.

Hope you're welllllll,

Betsx xxHey tasha matazz, just been up north with cat and she was talking about cuba, I may fly out with her and meet up with you and grace for a bit? let me know what your plans are or if you never want to see my ugly face outside the foulis.

PEEEEEEACE, 

Lizzie xtaaaaaaaaaaaaash,

What am I going to do for my poster. booooooooo, i hate scotland

xxAye aye, glückliches neues Jahr fur Sie!

How have you been feeling? Are you staying back to spend some more time at home?

Been thinking of you,

Liz Biz xEvey said she was taking ye home for a few days last night, you ok? Hope you just needed a few days change of scenery and a rest.

Will miss you in your office...

Peaaaaaaace, Liz biz xHappy Birthday duuuuude,

Hope life it treating you well,

Peace,
LizzieWassurp Tash - hope life is treating you well. Cool that you bought a house! My address isBakkersstraat 70Den Haag2513TKNederlandHey Zoe - I hear through the Lockharton gossip tree that you're thinking about applying to study in A-dam? Let me know if you move over - it'd be cool to meet up, I'm living in Den Haag. lizzieHey Marlena - Sorry for the incredibly late response. We don't want to rent out the back room anymore, as we're using it for storage - it's also not the most glamorous bedroom, as Annie will tell you.

Hope you had a good time in Isreal, it looks awesome!

LizzieHey Rachael, do you have any recommendations for restaurants in East Amsterdam? We're looking to go somewhere on Sat. Goed Goed, Lizziehey rach! how's LDN?You know you want to, nice pub around half 8?

Betty the sweaty....going out for dinner, anyone call me on 07855509845 if you fancy.... lizzie xsooooo sleepy now, lets go out tomorrow for pints in moringside when everyone is here?yeeeeeeah, MorningSide Glory around 9? Andy?yeah come down my place at 8.30?That's cool with me!

How does Friday sound? I can take booze orders.

LizzieFacebook stalking!

Just seeing if the party's still on tonight? I'm going to the painting senior show with a friend early on, is it cool if she tags along?

Peaceeeeeeee,

Lizzienice one, see you later on!

LizzieHey! Yeah I sent you the money today, It's cool in the new room, much nicer temperature and no weird smells. Thilo and I have been running, but the weather has not been so nice so we took a few days break, nice for the legs! I'll take the book back sure, is it the library near Centraal?My e-mail is lizzie@lustlab.netIt's shame you had to leave so soon, you must visit when back in Den Haggy Haag.Peace, Lizzie xhey :) drop by or coffee/beer one day? It's reggies birthday tomorrow and we'll have dinner - you're very welcome to join! Lizzie xyo yo!ah cool - I have to work today but should be around laterlet me know what you guys are doingcool - i'm just off to work now :( speak later!hey hey! yeah I'm still there... :)still working like a maniacwhat are you up to?cool cool, everyone tells me Hamburg is awesomehaha, pretentious!yeah I plan to come in October or something so we should grab a beirtje...ok I best get back to work... i drank too many beers last night at de Paas :(this coffee is making my eyes hurt:)dooie!Felix! I'm visiting NYC in a few weeks (28Feb – 4Mar), would be great to grab a drink or some dinner to catch up. I'm over for an interview at Yale so also spending a few days up in New Haven, hope to hear from you, LizzieSounds perfect, do you live on Manhattan? I'm staying there but can meet you elsewhere. Put me in the diary and we can figure out the logistics nearer the time!Hey hey, still up for meeting on Thursday? I'm staying pretty close to your work I think, W 63rd st close to the park (not in Trump hotel!). I'm keen to see Brooklyn though so maybe we could head there for something to eat?No worries, opening sounds great! What time at?Coool beans!No worries, me tooOk, can I go in without you or is it VIP?CoolI am in, it is busy!Yo Felix! Can you send me Marta's number?Last night was fun, feeling pretty fragile now though!Went to Google for lunch and about to meet a friend for a beer, you guys still going out later?Yo, I'm off to target to buy some Hanes underpants then off to the airport! Let me know if you need some Visa pointers, LizzieAlso, just an FYI, I was chatting with Dan last night and Katie wouldn't need to leave Europe half way through a 6 month stay in Paris/Belgium etc. Once the application is filed then you have already activated her right to stay with you, zing!Yo Duncan,

Good to hear from you,

It's a bit mental here this week, but maybe I can come to Amsterdam for a beer after a meeting in Eindhoven tomorrow. I'll give you a shout around 5pm and see what you guys are up to,

Cheers,
LizzieI love it, if a little creeped out! Thanks so much though, i was touched,

Peace and love

Liz biz xyooooooo,

sorry I crashed out last night after a heavy one on friday!

Fancy Lunch tomorrow?

Liz Biz xhey sorry i missed you today, I had a class until 1.30

me and my room mate are watchinf films tonight, you should come along.

Jess might be coming too,

LizzieGin is evil.

I need to take some photos on the way over so can we meet at 2? We could meet outside the cinema half way down Thayer.

Liz biz xHey!

Sorry I didn't get in touch on Sat night, I went to Pina's for dinner and went home pretty early. Tired from Friday night I expect!

The bar is called Julians, you should come round mine about 9 and we can walk over there.

Hope you're skinned man went ok!

LizzieYo jukka,

Can you  meet me outside the library at 6pm sharp? Leah's mum will pick us up from my house at 6.30 so free travel!

peeeace

Lizziemaybe bring a bottle of wine if you pass a store but dont wory about it, we'll be going to a store,

see you at 6!

lizzieyeah I'd love to do dinner, I can't really be bothered with the silence of twin peaks,

Shall I buy some stuff?

Liz bizWhats this about you going back to NY this weekend? JEALOUS!haha, jet setter!

Look forward to meeting her... I've decided I can't be fucked with risd anymore so pub time galore|!

wooooooooHey I called her, I miss her its so quiet at my place! 

I'm working in the library and not going home until late, can I meet you tomorrow at school and give them to you? I'll be in school from 8am..,
Lizzard xWell I'll be there from 8 so just text me when you get here, do you have a class tomorrow... is 1pm too late?

Lizzieayeeeeeeeee,

Still in library, nearly done then I'm going to down the small bottle of vodka in my fridge and pass out.

WooHey I hope you got my text message, I have no credit so can't accept calls. 

Could you text me when you can meet, I am in the mailroom building and I can leave whenever,

Lizzie xI'll be there.....

4.45,

Lizzie xHi Jukka,

I'm so worried about Leah, I can't get hold of her and she sent me a really weird message on Facebook last night, can you try calling her too?

Thanks, LizzieHey, I spoke to her and she's ok, too much to drink threw her off a little.

Can you and Noora come to dinner on friday or are you going to NY?

LizziHey Holly I sent you guys a message today about the site but not sure what e-mail is correct. I sent it to mail@tottyrocks.co.uk....

Lizzie xxHey Holly,

shall I put the old homepage back up when the sale is over? I'm off to The States on exchange soon woop woop so will do it before I go,

Hope you're well

Pece out amigo

Lizzie xHi Holly,

Yeah sorry, I'm ready to replace it but Sandy hasn't got back to me. I'll try him again today...

I can do some other updates for you while I'm away but it's a little hectic here right now, they expect a lot more of their students than UK schools, probably because they're all paying 30 grand a year to come here!

Hope you're well,

Lizzie xHey Holly did you get my message about the update?

Just checking it was all in order,

Lizzie xHey Holly, yeah I'd be up for doing web stuff for Nick, maybe he could e-mail me?

And sure, send through the new season stuff and I can do that.

As far as time spent on the site. I can't really remember! After building it (which I think I did on Rennies time), I've done 2 updates and the press update. We could just call it an even £75 so far? Mates Rates

Hope you're well,

Liz Biz xHey Holly, 

I never heard back from you about the updates... you happy with the new layout on the collections page?

Hope you're all goo in the hood,

Lizzie xhey hey,

Nae worries just wanted to know it was all a-ok,

Back in Scotland in 2 weeks so might pop by the shop to say hello,

Lizzie xHolly! How are you? Congrats with Totty Rock's big successes over the past few years, looks like it's been fun! I'm actually messaging because I just got engaged and wanted to ask you about the possibility of you guys making a dress, my mum pointed out that's something you do now! We're getting married in Edinburgh on July 2nd, which isn't that far away in wedding months I've been told! Anyway, I could always drop by the shop while I'm back over Christmas holidays if you're open, hope you had a good one! Lizzie xxxHi Holly! Yes, back in the Netherlands now. I'll be coming back in Feb / March sometime though. How do you normally go about a wedding dress commission? Could I give you a call this week to figure out if it's feasible with the distance? XHey Holly... just checkin in about the dress, do you think it would be possible in the timeframe? XGreat! I'll send though a few things that I like, and I'll be in Edinburgh a few times before the day. Would you recommend I came first before March 9th or after 27th? Xexciting, my mum will be pleased as she's freaking out that I'm not being organised! ;) I'll be in touch with some ideas... xare you still holly@tottyrocks.co.uk ?No problem, it happens to me too! See you tomorrow xHi Holly – I forgot what time we planned to try on the dress on Saturday... can you remind me? Hope you're well xxokey dokey, 13:30?Hi holly, we can't remember if it was 10 or 10:30 for our appointment, anyway, we are in our way! XThanks Holly, last year of the roaring 20's!suuup - we are going to this party at PIP tonight. Drinks at ours beforehand - zing!

http://www.pipdenhaag.nl/event/outerspace-3/hoi hoi!

Thanks for calling about the bag, turns out my room-mate has one so saves you dropping it off.

Hope you can come to Erica's goodbye dinner on Monday!

Have a jolly old weekend,

Lizziehey man! yeah we should meet, call edwin as my phone is out of juice, lizzie xYOOOOOOOOOOOO, hope you can make it to De Paas for een biertje, Peace, Lizzieyoooo, hope you're feeling better now. Dan didn't pass on the tickets, but I dont think I can go anyway, I was being sick last night and feel super weak today. Should I put the word out so you can sell them again? Lizziehttp://lizziemalcolm.com/annika.html

hehe!yeah wednesday would be best for me - last time I went to see it I was an hour late and saw harry potter instead. What a mistake!see, i did reply! :)Yooo yoo,

I have a question about the grafische werkplaats...

I wanted to get a t-shirt screen printed for Susana's birthday on Saturday, do you guys do printing on to fabric? 

A bit late notice, i know :)

Hope you're arm is better...!

LizzieCheers, I didn't expect it to get so many views, which also means I had to spend last night correcting mistakes that people had e-mailed me.... 

Probably Thomas knows some good print shops in DH,

Peaaaace,

LizzieHey Annika,

A letter was delivered at Bakkersstraat today from Sweden, it says (I think!) Priority on it. Can I drop it off somewhere for you? Or leave it @ Dunne Bierkade? 

Hope you're well,

LizzieYeah I'll be in all evening! Lizziehttps://www.facebook.com/events/1017353028336056/Hey Gabor, this is the event I was talking abouthey man, you gonna be in Glas at the end of july, having a wee perty for my birfdai.

Lizzieoooooh, i am very jelous. I fancy anyone without breasts right now, and could even be persuaded to ignore that.

Yay, I'm glad you're back in scotland for party on 29th in Edinburgh, you can stay at mine or Jude's... get 30th off work!!

Lizzie xalso, you know anyone else about? Jamie etc...cool, speak soon, lizzie xHello meine freundin,

Sorry I wasn't in the other day... I'm back in Edinburgh after a very dangerous and almost death inducing ice-climbing trip with Andy. It was good but lets just say it took a few days for us to recover!

Are you back in the England for XMAS? I'm off climbing again with Emily before New Year then spending Hogmany with Jude and Seb in the highlands... Ich bin eine gooseberry...again.

I'd like to say it is both our faults that we haven't seen each other in ages but I feel the guilt falls mostly upon my bonny little noggin, however lets make sure a dinner date is set for 2010 (before degree show insanity kicks in)

Have a lovely festive period (I always think this phrase sounds a little too menstral) oh well.

LOVE LIZZIE XYo yo Lauren, gay Paris!

Remember when we were young and lame and could only afford about 2 expensive drinks?

I am living in The Hague right now so would like to come and visit...

Lizzie xlauren you big bum cheezewhat is uphaha, yeah i speak like a stupid in english and dutchall is goodsun is shining, drinking beers and finishing workHA, yes!i've developed a multi-lingually-accessible-version of englishja, ik ben niet zo slechtheel ergspeaking of scotland, will you be back for degree show?hahah, wow! peace and love hostelYEAH! i;m going home tomorrow for a weeki'm going climbing for most of it, but will be at degree showha, barrel of laughsok, i gotta shut down my stationuntil degree show my friend!cool bananaz, dooie!It was great to see you too, fun night!Sammy B! How's London, you found a nice pad?Wnot sure what that W was aboutWWthere's two moreworld wide webaye, no bad. I was also in Americalandlots of good food and prezziesyou?nice!so did we!farts on the trainwe are coming to London at the end of the monthto see Electronic Superhighwayat whitechapelyou should come at the same time as us if you can, we could luncheonI'm actually tagging along on Dan's school tripit's an exhibition at whitechapel gallerylooks goodyes! more farts on a trainlooks noicegtg off to bed, I'll be in touch about LDNEnjoy the rest of TXPeter! you can come nowHey Hey,

Yeah we always go De Paas which is a bar right next to our studio on Friday at 6pm so you should totally join, I have a really busy week so I'll want to relax by the time it gets to Friday!

I'll also let you know if anything fun is going down before then - but I suspect I'll be working late most evenings.

my number is +31681879473 so just give me a buzz if you have any questions etc.


http://www.depaas.nl/

LizzieHey kate sorry I left my phone at home in case you tried to call.

We'll be at De Paas from 6.30 so feel free to join,

LizzieYO yoooo!

I am skipping Paas AGAIN this week as I've had a terrible cough and must curl up in bed with no beer :(

Next week is a definite though - are you going to anything in Today's Art this weekend. We're going to a movie tomorrow if you wanna join?

Hope you're well,

LizzieHi Anne, yes, we had a great time and I'd be happy to give you some tips! What is your email address? LizzieHey Elisabeth,

Thanks so much for your help, I managed to get a small place near the beach, hooray! Just need to get a bike when I arrive.

I'd love to go to the TAG thing, it looks good. I'll get a Dutch phone number soon and send you my number.

I'm working at LUST on Dunne Bierkade for an internship so pretty excited, did you also study Graphic Design?

Lizzie 

(ps, my name is also Elisabeth which is very unusual in the UK, it's normally spelled with a 'z' like the stupid Queen!)Hey man,

How's it going? I arrived on Sunday and my room is not too bad (small but cheap!).

I wondered if you wanted to go for a coffee/beer at the weekend some time? I want to make the effort to make some friends!

Peace,

LizzieThat sounds perfect! I didn't bring many clothes because I only had one suitcase but it would be great to come along anyway...

I have been at LUST all week, it's really great. It's nice to be working with such clever people!

My room-mates are nice, although I don't think we have much in common, they like to stay in their rooms in the evening and I am used to talking more!

That's cool you work in September, I like the Grote Markt.

LizzieHey Elisabeth,

I guess you are working tomorrow but do you fancy a beer after work?

All is going well at Lust, but it would be nice to hang out with some non-work people for a change! I have a Dutch number now 0681879473.

Peace,

LizzieHey there,

Got a quick typographical question,

I remember The Kane saying something about using 50% colours... does he mean that the CMYK value of the colour we choose should only add up to 50%

I'm confused...

Anyway hope you're good,

LizzieThanks man, that makes sense.

See you Friday,

LizzieHey man,

You going to this visiting lecture thing tonight?

LizzieAhoy there,

Sorry to use you as my information distributer, it seems I don't listen on Fridays.

What are we meant to bring in for the Jazz poster, a final print? 

You going home on Friday? If not we should go for a pint after class... or during.

Peace

LizzieI have about 5......and it's raining. boo.

See you tomorrow!

LizzieHey man,

Hope easter was fun and filled with copious amounts of chocolate.

How was Friday? I was away but I seem to remember Johnny boy saying something like he wasn't going to be here this Friday? Should we still go to class?

Peaaaaaaaaace.

Lizzie xHello,

Just a quick scouting mission,

Where are you printing out your book, if you have a printer can I give you monies to let me print mine out tooooo? I will only have 32 pages. He's getting no more.

Peace and check this out, 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clan_CampbellHey Callum, good to hear from you! Of course put your friend in touch. I was hoping to come back for Rik and Mel's shindig next week but not sure I can make it now... perhaps last minute. Peace, Lizzie xHow was it? I'm going on thursday, hope London was fun too, did you see any UNMISSABLE exhibitions?
Peace out amigo, also you missed the best Halloween costume ever,

Liz BizYeah I know man, it's crazy!

I'm working in an art & design studio in Holland, been here since August and really like it, nice people!

How about you? I still keep in touch with Donny a lot (I introduced her to a friend of mine a while ago and they've now been going out for a few years!)

Peace,

LizzieHey guys, will be @ paradiso, give me a shout +31681879473Hey Kellie,

I know this is all none of my business but I just thought you should know how weird it was with Joe on Saturday. He took us to your place even though Leah kept telling him not to, then proceeded to scream at her, it was pretty scary, I thought he was going to drive us off a bridge.

Anyway hope your show went well and speak soon,

LizzieHey man, 

My number is 14012418407,

Give me a shout if you guys are up to something tonight, go for a pint or something.

LizzieHey man,

Howd you're first class go?

I'm e-mailing with a prior motive. I took that colour photography class and wondered if I could borrow you're other 35mm.

It's cool if you need it, but I will shower you in coffee and muffins for the favour.

Maybe we could meet today in the portfolio?

Peace

Liz Biz xyay! Thanks a million.

Yeah lets go out this week, I went out last night and had too muchos booze, now trying to do this fucking essay. arg.

We should also check out the Brown gym, maybe tomorrow? My lungs are like crisp packets.

Is it possible to come meet you before you're class? The photography one I have is at 1.10,

Thanks again

Liz Bizyes, thats great, see you then,

Lizzie xI'm going to check out the brown gym tomorrow, wanna come? I was thinking in the morning... 

Hope you're class was fun

Liz Biz xi could meet you at your place, its pretty close. is 9 too early? later is cool for me too.

bring on the wheezing!

camera looks great but i need to buy film etc tomorrow. expensive course,

lizzie xah fook, just realized I have no footwear even remotely gym like. I'll have to postpone, going to 'the mall' tomorrow to find the cheapest nerdiest ones I can find.

Fancy coffee tomorrow anyway?

LizzieYeah Friday would be cool, I saw Lauren and she said we could go round to hers and Pinas too.

Carrhaus at 1 is a date, I will wear nipple tassles.

LizzieHi Jess,

I have a massive favour to ask.

The assignment I have to do for photography is a little hard to do with the camera. I need to be really accurate with light readings... 

If you have photo stuff to do its cool but I was wondering if I could borrow your other camera, just for saturday.

I could bring it back to yours on Sat night.

Glad you sorted out your class shiz, I took a history class in the hope it would be less work!

Peace out

LizzieNo worries amigo, Let's go out together and I can us my digital to take reading, thats a good idea brainbox. jaaaaah.

Me and my room-mate are eating together then we could come to yours after?

PEACE

Lizzie xwow thats wierd... I was just about to ask you the same thing! I'm going to buy some film then we could meet at Thayer? How about Starbucks at 1?outside starbucks that issorry can we make that 1.30? i need to get some food shopping first,

cheers m'dearsarg I hope  you get thisSo sorry, I got really lost and was late too, I need to get a charger! They didn't have any in the mall.

Did you say with this camera that I need to focus on the background instead? Even if it is in focus in the viewfinder?

Hope you hd a fun times day,

LizzieHey sorry I missed you today, I had a class untill 1.30,

Watching movies at mine tonight with my room mate, you should come along,

Liz Biz x

My dad posted me a charger so should be back online soon!Hey you get the message about movie time tonight, hope you can make it,

Liz Biz xAlright shite heed?

me Jukka dn Lunney just sat and got really drunk in my kitchen last night, it were a larf.

Fancy cinema tonight on Thayer? "Doubt" @ 9pm

Liz Biz xayeeeeeee, outside at 8.45 to get le tickets?Yeah definitley, come round mine at 9 and we can head over, it's really close.

Did you have a good time?? Hope you got trolleyed but didn't reenact thechin incident.

See you tomorrow for some legal drinking.

lIZ bIZ XAye twas fun fun, I'm so glad we can go out to bars now!

I have classes all day tomorrow sadly, but is Monday afternoon good for you?

We can discuss Spring break shenanigans!

Liz Biz xsweeeeeeeeeet,

Liz Biz xyeeeeeeeeah,


Jukka said dinner at his?

Liz biZ XHi Jers

I hear it got really drunken on Tuesday!

You fancy the cinema with me Pina and Leah tomorrow night? We're going to see the class at the Avon.

8.45 outside.
Be there or be a square sausage.

Liz Biz xyoooooooo,

Woop woop, you just tried to call but I be in the library, Sat sounds good. I have loads of work to do but I can't say no to exhibitions,

I'll call you later mutter,

LizzieYeah I'm gong to painting show... The party's happening but I'm not sure if I can turn up with lots of people... I need to check out the mood of the event! If not we ca just go to a baar or something.

See you at woods gerry,

Liz Biz xoi oi still wanna go to the gym?

Lizzie xdid you give me a call?

Liz Biz xoi oi oi, I feel like a massive pile of balls.

I came to school without my camera and desperately need to take photos of woods gerry for a project, can I come by and borrow your camera this afternoon?

Peace, Lizzie xHey jobby,

I'm going to the gym tomorrow morning, I'll just meet you there if you're up for it, I have class at 1.

Get New York photos up! I wanna see, you know it's way more important than RISD work. 

Peace and love,

Lizzards xwoo, photos are awesome, I'm getting mine developed as we speak.

You fancy an episode of family guy tonight... 11pm?Fancy helping me film something on Friday night at me place. I will provide the wine!

So much to do dudeeeeeeeee,

Lizzard xyeaaay, I REALLY need a drink. I have a huge day tomorrow so can't fucking wait untill it's over! Come round like 8? 

LizzarddHey buddy, could I also borrow your digital camera memory card... the one in your old camera, i freaking lost mine. Arse.

See you later,

Lizzard xSorry I didn't wait long enough earlier, was a bit stressed and all over the place, all is dandy though.

Still coming tomorrow night? I will have yer fageroonies,

Lizzard xxxHey Mander-a-tron,

Do you have class tomorrow? I was wondering if I could take a nap on your floor between around 11 and 1pm? I haven't gone to sleep yet and it's 5am, I have a class tomorrow but not sure it's worth heading home...

Hope it's cool, I will buy you love and happiness,

Lizziard xxYeah I have been remembering all the fun times and made me a bit sad, especially because you can't talk about it to anyone! Can't wait to see you over a bottle of wine and chaaaaat,

just call me when you get up north hen,

Lizzard xaaah, you know that feeling when you don't even want to think about something because it makes you sad! I have that!

Can't wait hen, my number is 07950895979, peace and love,

Lizzard xI have my fingers crossed that my babysitting isnt on tomorrow night, pint pint pint?Sorry sorry sorry Jess I am a 'tard,

I left my phone at the dogsitting and just got it back, really sorry I am so shit at correspondence.

In return I shall treat you to some culinary delights any night you like, ie I will cook you dinner! I'm cat sitting so have a lovely flat in Tollcross we can just sit and drink cheap wine, yay! Tomorrow any good for yooooou?

Hope you're welllll,

Lizzard xxCoolio schmoolio,

The flat is at 13 Gillespie Crescent, buzzer name MITCHELL.

How about 8pm? It's just up from the Kings Theatre and the Cameo Cinema, here's the google map thingmy, Can't wait (in your words LUVVAAAA)

http://www.google.co.uk/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&q=13+Gillespie+Crescent,+Edinburgh,+City+of+Edinburgh+EH10+4,+United+Kingdom&sll=53.800651,-4.064941&sspn=13.231382,39.418945&ie=UTF8&cd=2&geocode=FUiVVQMd2xjP_w&split=0&ll=55.943168,-3.204918&spn=0.012233,0.038495&z=15

Lizzard xjesssssss, 

You stil on for tonight? Fancy going to Cab Vol after dinner? go onnnn, you  know you want to.'ello 'ello!

This week is PACKED for me, going to Glasgow to a party and then off for some climbing up north... next week? I'll race you, and collapse.

Lizzard xxxHey Jess whats this about you and Leah falling out... sounds hectic!

LizzardxOch never mind! I haven't really been stressed yet but I definitely know it is coming, I'm drinking and partying as much as possible before the storm kicks in. Dissertation aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

Lizzardino xxxHello fanny baws

How are you and Leah? I think you should meet up with us when she comes, for old times sake! She's coming 17-22nd Oct.

Let me know,

Lizzard xOh god I know, it's not as much actual work as RISD but the tutors just expect you to be good by now and if not, they're like, what the fuck is this shit?

Also my dissertation is STRESSING ME OUT LIKE A MOTHERFUCKAAA.

I'll be in touch about when we are in Edinburgh, you can come round mine for some tasty din dins courtesy of mr and mrs malcolm.

Peace and love,

Lizzie xHey Jess, Is your number 07738321027?

I got a text from someone saying they were at the arches on Sat nigth and I thought it might have been you...

If it was I am sorry! I have a new phone with no old numbers on it and no credit to text back, I'm a classy bird.

Let me know,

Lizzard xxhahahahaha, just saw a picture of Will tagged on facebook... HAIRY SHOULDERS!!! sorry dude, as you can see I have no tact!

YEEEEEEEEAH lets go for a pint, I'll probably head back through around 14th... you still around?

I am going CRAZY here, my best friend is completely engrossed in her boyfriend (who is also my flatmate) and I feel completely neglected. weep. Add studio and essay = mental fuck.

Oh well, going out for thanksgiving with a friend tonight so turkey may cure all. Wishing you a big pile of happy no-stress days to come,

Lizzard xNae worries hen, I am all scatty right now anyway! We must meet up in the Burg.

I also have another question, are there any decent pills or mandy knocking about in Edinburgh? all we have here right now is blue cherubs which are full of piperazine and very very evil! If any of your mates have something else ...?

Peace and love and happy essay-ing!

Lizzard xCheers bud. It's so annoying now I have time to get fucked and there is nothing even semi-decent aboot!

Just putting the finishing touches to the Diss, hand in tomorrow THANK GOD. 

Peace xprobably nursing a hangover so see you then! we should have a barbeque.Louise! I see you are also giving a talk in Glasgow on Tuesday – me too!Yeah I am frantically trying to pull together a presentation now, blorg!See you on Tuesday!Where you guys now?I would like aHey peeps.... any news on New Year? I need to know soon because I'll have to find other people if you can't come. I reaaaaaalllyyy hope you can all make it. There are still a few other spaces if you want to invite friends too. Peace and Love. Lizzzzzie???Don't worry... the cost will be £166 per person and we have the house from 28th December to 4th Jan... also, can you give me Andy's email address. I have so many for him I never know which one to use!ZING! That's awesome. Hopefully Bubble and Andy can come too and we can do some climbing! I'm going to make a Google doc soon for planning etc. What's your email?Yo peeps... get my email?WOOOP, that's awesome! I also haven't winter climbed in 2 years so we can start on a snow slope... although I don't have a good track record on those ;)Hallo meine freunde,

Just to let you know I'm back in town from 14th December onwards so if you have any Christmas babysitting, I'm free as  bird!

I'd also love to have a drink with you at some point, so I took the liberty of composing you a short poem

Christmas on the lash
Christmas one the lash
my liver went away
and so did all my cash

peace and love!

Lizzie xHello,

Going to make some food and drinks at my hoose in Edinburgh on Sat night if any of you girls fancy it, it'll be like Bridget Jones.

Lizzard x1/1
Edinburgh Castle
Edinburgh
EH1 A1Aello, doesn't look like many people can make it so lets postpone until a later date, maybe you can come through for some festival frolicking, Lizzie x(image reference: messages/stickers/369239263222822.png)hello Anton, I found this images online:
https://zim2687.deviantart.com/art/Deep-Sea-363524801

I work for a small design studio in The Netherlands. We would love to use the image on a poster we are designing for an academic conference in England.

Do you have a high resolution version of the image that we could licence from you?

Thank you so muchThanks Anton, how much are you selling it for?YesFor a one time use, 300 copies of a posterWe are happy with this amount. How would you like to make the transfer?paypal?So, we will wire the money, then you will weTransfer the image?If you are happy with this, can you send me your paypal nameyes of course, we can send you a paper copy too if you give us your postal addressthere is no rush, we are waiting for final confirmation from the clientHi Anton, we have confirmation from the clientI can send the money nowThe money is sent, please let me know when you received it(image reference: messages/stickers/369239263222822.png)(image reference: messages/photos/10155857221688573.jpg)Hi Anton, we received the finished poster, we think your photograph looks great :) I have also put a copy in the mail for youwe used 2 florescent inks for the imageyellow and blueglad you like it, thanks for the great image!no, they are just brighter than CMYK would beHey man,

Off to Granville Island with Jude tomorrow! exciting times... It has rained in scotland for 20 HOURS now. I have gills.

Just boring rent chat I'm afraid. I paid 2 lots for August and Dom said August was your month...?

I hate communal money stuff. 

Anyway, hope you're having a cracking summer. I'm back on the 6th for fun times, peeeeeeeeace.

Jizz xyo yo yo, Nae worries bud, it was on my very long mental 'to-do before Canada' list which has been sabotaged by booze and other distracting things.

My bank details are

Account number 00138015
Sort code 83-19-09

No rush though, jah

See you when I get back!

Jizz xHi man,

Just wanted to say thanks for my wee note and hope you had fun at home, its fun here so far, just sunk in that I'm here for a while!

Speak soon,

Liz Biz xhttp://www.liveleak.com/view?i=1bb518bc62Hey Rachy Rach,

Just checking in and giving you degree show well wishes, is it all going ok?

I miss the flat.. the ceilings here are for midgets doing the limbo. It's really fun though,

Peace and love all around.

Liz Biz McJizzHey Rach, have an electricity bill which I paid that took us up to end of June, your share is £35 bummer I knooooow.

Do you have internet banking? If not you can just give me cashish when I see you.

My account details are
00138015
83-19-09

Cheers m'love and sorry for the topic of my correspondance.

Lizzard xHey Rach,

sorry I don't have any credit on my phone and also don't have Dom's new number... he's only had it a few days I think. He does do facebook again now though, or Lyndsey's number is 07796623694.

Still on for tonight? Is it possible for you to have the bill money, I'm pretty skint. Make it £30 so I've contributed a fiver to dinner and all that.

Peace over the ether,

Lizzard xyay exhibition, nice one mate, I like the orgasmo-orchestra one best!

Liz Biz xRachellllll, what are the haps? Can you send me your email address. ps, not for spamre your earlier message... cybergeek!?Well, I'm gettin' hitched...need to send you an invitation (in french accent)July 2ndbig ceilidh in Edinburghwoop woopIf Mary has her way there will also be a debaucherous hen party, but I am not surehey Rachy rach, what is your snail mail address? 
and I hear you have a new gentleman friend, what's his name?robbie reed and rachel wrightrrrrrrrrrrrit's like a poem waiting to happenwedding plans pretty good, all thanks to mamma malcolm thoughoh, small ceremony at the registry office, then big time ceilidh at the city chambersYes I have been waiting for an owl from youThat sounds weirdly sexualNo just come! Happy you can make itIt's really like the whole Glasgow crew back for ONE NIGHT ONLYYeah, I had that at New YearAnxiety enduring levels of booze and stimulants ;)Just have to make sure Andy doesn't bring a bunch of drugs to the ceilidhOr not!Let's see how Judy two shoes is after this one, I'm gonna chat with her tomozJust like to call her thatAlong with Donald JudeHahahahOr a hallucinationOf course! You know you have a +1 too?Oh my pizza man just rang the bellCool beans, looking forrrrrwardJust let me know nearer the timeBRIDEZILLA!cooooo beans. The ceilidh is a 7 for 7:30pm start, it will go until 1am. The actual ceremony we are doing earlier in the day with only a few people. Otherwise I'd be too embarassed ;)See you soon amigo!Rachel!I totally thought I had replied to this!Our address is Weteringkade 21, 2515AK, The Hague, The NetherlandsIt was such a good weekend!Hey Ferry,

Good party on Saturday right? I was still tired at work today though... bleurgggg.

Just wondering if you'd like to meet for a drink at the Grote Markt this weekend some time. 

Tot later!

Lizzieha ha!

here's a Peter Sellers classic
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXn2QVipK2oyeah sounds good, I have to work in the studio on Sunday, got projects coming out of my ears!! ... but free in the evening.

In the same theme - this one is good, although not a song you want to get stuck in your head and sing in the Albert Heijn... oh nee

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJWKoUdJXgkAnyone want to have a stroll at the beach at 2pm? Strandslag 11Hi Carlo, what time will you be arriving in Padua today? Shall we meet for dinner? We land in Venice at 15:35, Lizzie & KaiOk cool, see you tomorrow!No, don't worry about itThank you so much for my presents I am wearing my Protestant socks right now.

It was really good to see you, I'll be back in Glasgow next week so I can buy you a pint and have a proper catch up-up,

Peeeeeace,

Lizzie xyo yo yo,My mum told me the nice news, I'm sure you've been bombarded with congratulations.... but congratulations! Hope all is well. LizzieEvelyn! So sorry for my tardy response, I was waiting to work out with Dan if we can make it. But unfortunately it doesn't look like it, we are both teaching one day a week and that date is the mid term assesments. :( Would have loved to come, and hope you have an amazing day. You and Hamish are totally welcome to visit us in The Hague, we just moved house and have a spare bedroom and are pretending to be grown-ups! Lizzie xxI remember one boozy evening where we had to apologise to Joyce and Colin the next day. I'm sure they all thought it was pretty hilarious!oh god, i'm sure it was a ton of "vodka flavoured" alcohol and 7up.... bleurgHappy days though ;)Hope you had a great day, http://lizziemalcolm.com/wedding/Hey Evelyn! Thanks for the kind words, it does indeed feel really great to be engaged and we're excited about having a big party in Edinburgh. Believe it or not, thanks to superstar parents, it's all already booked! We didn't want to wait that long so I'm pleased.Hope you and Hamish will be able to join for a ceilidh on July 2nd in the 'burgh!Can you send me your snail mail address for a proper invitation (mum insisted!)iknowrite! I had no part to play except saying yes/no on facetime over the past 4 daysCool beans, might be in touch for some other advice!i know, bless 'em(they're probably saying something equally condescending about us)cheers! (actually in the pub now waiting for Dan)yo yo, forgot to ask for your email addres... :)* addresshey Claire,

You working there over the summer, or leaving for good!?

I've just graduated and I'm in London for an interview on 24th so doubt I'll be back for your leaving do, booooooooooooooo.

How's the big shlong hanging anyway? Nice and low I hope...

Peace and Love to you all,

Betty xxYo yo Nick -

Funny pictures of you guys from Friday night - I'm glad I managed to avoid the camera! 

Is it still cool if you give me the contact details for that guy you got the e from?

Hope to catch up with you guys again soon, Tobi and I might have a party in the next few weeks - for no reason....

Lizzieyeah thanks man!YO yoooo,
How's it hanging? I hope your internship is going well, you're doing that now right?

I was wondering if you could put me in touch with your xtc contact this week sometime. I'd like some for a concert next weekend.

That would be awesome,

Thanks!

LizzieCooool, but you didn't include his number :) 

Glad all is well with you and hope we can hang out soon. I'll have a dinner party, lizzzziecheerz!yeah, was easy - I'm meeting him tomorrow...
cheers,
lizzieHi guys,

I thought I sent this to the whole group but facebook failed me,

If its not too late notice, you guys should com by to watch  David Lynch movie tonight,

My adddress is 3 spruce street, around 9?

Sorry for the mix up!

Lizzie xyeah no problemopaard or pass? ;) or both?paasyeaaaaaaahsounds goodyou guys going out on sat too?sweet, I'm in a conference in Rotterdam but will let you know what the plan is, ja?gotta go eat sandwiches now... :)yo! sorry this is a TERRIBLY late reply - I'm falling out of sync with the Facebook.

We're thinking about Amsterdam this Friday for a change... I'll let you know, otherwise De Paas as usual!

LizzieHey Nick - I saw you are covering the referendum. I made this project and thought you might be interested. Hope you're well! Lizzie http://indygraph.netYeah great, just started a studio here in The Hague. It's good being your own boss! I see you are working at the beeb, nice one, having fun?Hey, just realised that I sent you that message with my phone and then Facebook makes you install that nippy Messenger app. Anyway - all is good, just started a studio here in The Hague. It's good being your own boss! I see you are working at the beeb, nice one, having fun?Hey Leah,

Hope you had a good weekend, I was just seeing if you were still up for letting your spare room.

To be honest it seems perfect for me... Criagslist has resulted in a few creepy replies! 

Anyway let me know but I can get a reference from my current flatmates if you like,

Cheers

LizzieGreat!

I don't arrive untill the 10th Feb, but could get a hostel for a bit if Alex is staying a bit longer.

I leave on 24th May but fully expect to pay all of Feb and all of May, getting a bed is cool, I'll leave it there too as I don't think it counts as hand luggage!

Cheers,

LizzieHooray!

Sounds great, it's big weight off my mind to find somewhere,

So I arrive on the 10th and will get a cab to the flat probably. Could you send me the excact address? Also is it cool to bring the money when I arrive?

I'm sure I'll speak to you again before I leave,

LizzieOh sorry, being really slow with my e-mails!

Yeah I really want to move in, very happy about it.

I could send you the $300 before I arrive... do you know the best way to to this? Possibly by cheque or some sort of international transfer... bloody different countries! If not I can bring it in cash on the 10th.

I need to download skype, a bit behind the times.

Congratulations on the inauguration, it was played in our student bar... probably just an excuse to drink cheap pints!

Peace out

Lizzie xCool cool,

I think it's Barclays Bank that I would transfer the $600 to Bank of America through.

I'm going to swing by Barclays today to find out how it works etc.. then I can get your details,

Have a good daaaaaaaaaay,

Lizzieah, no I really really want to take the room, I went to the bank and they were reasonably unhelpful, I'm going to see them again tomorrow as I need to get a few details from you.

Are you ok with giving me your account number and sort code? If not I can bring the money in cash on the 10th,

I have downloaded Skype so maybe we could talk tomorrow?

I know it must be annoying getting a transatlantic flatmate but I'll be worth it! 

Hope you're well

LizzieNo I totally understand, I was a little worried about transferring money as I've been bombarded by scammers on Craigslist! I feel cool about it now though, you seem geniune!

Hope fully that's enough information and they can start the transfer tomorrow, I'm going at 9am so I'll e-mail you when I get to school, not sure what time that is your end!

Speak tomorrow amigo,

Lizzie xHey Leah how you getting on?

Just checking you are still expecting me on Tuesday? Hope so!

I think I arrive in Providence around 4pm your time,

Lizzie xHooray, see you then!

Liz BizHello amigo,

Esssays are shite.
Beer is good.
Forgot my phone.
No luck with Finnish man.

You working tonight? I might come in for a drink if you are,

Liz Biz xHey man,

Hope you get this before you leave.

I forgot I have a class today at 1.10, it's due to finish at 6pm so I can't meet you at 4.30, maybe I could head up there after my class and call you from a payphone so we could grab some dinner?

Or I could meet you back at the flat and go out later.

Sorry aboot the mix uop

Lizzie xoh jah

Sounds like  a plan,

I'm going to get my essay completely done and ready to send so be home at 7, peeeeeeace

LizzieHey dude, where'd you end up last night.. eh eh?!

You still want the cineme tonight?

8.45 at AVON.

lIZZIE XGet up!

I felt pretty hung over this morning. yuk.

Last night was funtimes though, what you up to tonight, maybe my dad and I will go to the cinema if you fancy it.

Peace,

Lizzie xNYC so much fun!

Went to the Whitney, the frick, central  park etc. We never made it down to Royale but you cacn take me there when we go. We went out last night and got waasted. I feel like shit!

Not sure what time I'll be back tonight, also would you kill me if I didn't come to Easter My Dad's flight has been delayed until later on on Sunday and I feel like I should hang out with him. I can paint an egg with my face on it for the table!

Peace and love amigo,

Lizzie xIf you haven't left the house yet could you bring something for me?

In my closet there is a wicker basket, in the basket is a white plastic bag with two white t-shirts in it, could you bring them if you are meeting us at school today?

Peeeeeeace, hope you're feeling better about the whole Joe fiasco.

LIZZARD xDude, I miss you!

You having fun? New York was frikkin amazing time, I really had a blast.

My photo crit went really well today, they loved the photos of you with the lamp head!

Peace out,

Lizzard xLet me know your alivecome on dude.... Clem wants to know how you are.Good to speak, Providence sucks without you! I suppose I'll be mega busy next week but you have to promise to come see me before I go!

Lizzard xThats so exciting!

Im bummed I won't be here but you have to take photos for me.

I had an awesome crit today so in a great mood, the end seems in sight now so we can get druuuunk.

Me and clem say hey-o, we watched a clockwork orange together this afternoon, I think she was freaked!

Don't work too hard!

Lizzie xxLeah, please get in touch I'm going crazy here, I'm so worried about you, Jukka said you freaked out....

LizzieGlad your ok Winshipio,

Guess what, I ventured down into the basement last night to get a video and it was so dark that I just grabbed one.... and it was Titanic. So I watched it, what a loser! 

I'm just hammering out the last of my work. I'll be done by Tuesday. We have to go to Julians for brunch to celebrate.

Take is easy mon amie, I will be fine with Clem, Jack and Rose.

Lizzie xxLeah I am fucked, I ran out of paper for my photo final... is there any way you can go to B&H on 34th and 9th?

I understand if you don't have time, I can get a train to Boston tomorrow to get it.

Could you text me as I have no credit, Lizzie xxxlook in my drawwwwwwwer in my room.hello my amigo,

I have been ignoring my sadness of leaving Providence with my climbing trip,

I'm very very tired, just got back tonight. How did the exhibition go? I'm dying to hear about it. I really miss our wee flat and all our adventures. I also miss pocket man but not as much as you!

I'll send you a proper mail tomorrow as I really have to unpack all my shit from the car.

Love you lots,

Lizzie xHello my little bean bag,

How is Providence... full of water and fire?

I've just about settled back in, it took me a while though, I felt really strange when I first got back. I felt like a nomad.

Climbing was good to clear my head and get some much needed health but since I've been back in Glasgow I haven't really stopped drinking, it's fun though, seeng everyone again. We had an exhibition in the flat on Tuesday which went really well too.

You have to tell me funny stories of New York, whats the picture where you're all in a car, did you hire one? Looks like a larf and a half.

When does Jess leave? I was meant to let her know what it feels like to leave but forgot, woooops.

Federal HIIIIIIIIILLLLLLL, Federal Hiiiiillllllll, Leah is the bomb on Federal Hiiiiillllll.

Peace and Loveeeee,

Lizzards x x xYay, I knew you'd shine amigo.

Where's the new job? It'll be good to get back to work, I feel a bit like that too right now, no routine and I'm bored!

It was the degree show street party last night and today I feel SHITEEEEEE. Too many white drugs. Oh well, I'm curled up in bed watching arrested development which is postponing the comedown.

I think I'll head back to Edinburgh tonight, I need some home comforts. I forgot how messy my flat in Glasgow is, I want  a nice bath and a cuddle.

Jess is such a fanny... why was everyone arguing:? Just boozy times? I would love so much to go out for a pint with you guys, I had a dream last night I was back in the kitchen in our apartment and it was really nice.

It's good your resting too, a crazy few weeks you had there and you need to look after yourself!

I'm going to upload some pictures of the exhibition the noo so you can have a look. Check out my friends piano piece, it coolio.

Wish you were here,

LizardsYay for jobs, I am officially a lazy jobless bum but I LOVE IT. I'm pretty busy, doing lots of running around the park with my friends, it's nice to properly chillax,

I miss Chex mix, nothing here can compare. 

I went to the Edinburgh College of Art degree show yesterday, don't tell Jess but Glasgow is way better, he he. They are really boring and conventional there. Snooty rich kids.

How was Pina's last few days in PVD? I left a leather jacket that either of you guys can have but its a bit of a funny shape.

Ok I'm off to climb a mountain, then back to Glasgow this evening to say goodbyes to some friends that are graduating. I lvoe these long summer days, it means I can go into the hills and still have time for the pub.

I may become a creepy druid pagan sun worshiper and wear hemp clothes. Beware.

Peace and Love to the SHIP SHIP,

Lizzard xyeah now they have a loyal following they let standards slip. boo, we shall now call it pocket adolescent.

I've had some pains in my ovaries before and it turned out to be nothing so try not to worry too much, worrying doesn't help anything, but I do understand.

The Vineyard sounds like an awesome idea, I'm jealous! You can swim in the sea in the mornings and have lobster. yay!

I hope Pina is still thinking of coming too, it would be fun if we were all here at the same time, at least you know Jess and me will be in Scottielando, can't wait, I've been thinking of all the things I can show you, some tourist stuff and lots of arty stuff, woop woop.

Ok, no worrying now, let me know how you get on.

Thinking of you,

Lizardo xHello my love, I hope you got my postcard before you had to leave Federal Hill, if not, whats your Fall River address so I can send you severed fingers?

Jess is back in Edinburgh so I'm meeting her tomorrow night for a drink in a good old scottish pub, no doubt we'll get wasted and end up in a gutter, I wish you could be there too.

let me know how you're doing, thinking of you,

Lizzard xYes go on a date! It doesn't have to be a big deal, just go for a drink and have fun, young and carefree!

I'd love to be on the Vineyard, the weather here is SHIT, literally raining every day. I've been busying myself going into the mountains with some friends, getting wet but having fun.

It wis my birthday on Wednesday which was quite fun, 22 is a bit of a non-event though! I got a very expensive bottle of Scottish Whiskey which will induce many a hangover I predict. I just had a family meal then went to Glasgow to hang out with some of my pals, very civilized!

I'm having Jess round for dinner tonight, not seen her yet so it'll be really wierd! We'll probably get absolutely pissed and end u crying, oh well!

Ok let me know how you're getting on, miss you,

Lizzard xxxxxxYou made me laugh this morning, a bit pissed? Hope you book tickets soon, I have lots of fun things planned for us to do!

How has the Vinyard been? The Edinburgh festival is on right now which is loads of comedy and theatre and bars don't shut untill 5am... this is bad news for my wallet and my health. So much fun though and tons of hot guys from London come up.

Do you want to see the highlands for a day when you come? We could go to St Andrews where golf was invented, you could make your step dad jealous!

Skype tonight?

Lizzard xxI want to you come any dates at all! I might have to drop in to school during the day for a few hours but you can come with me, sorry for the short e-mail I'm up North...

Yay for the nice boy!

lOVE YOU,

Lizzarddd xYAAAAAAAAY, that's awesome, I was beginning to worry you wouldn't come. I will be happy to see you any time so just head over when you can, we'll have a blast. You fancy skyping some day soon?

You will LOVE Berlin it's pretty much the most exciting place in the world right now. Party times, ok keep in touch and let me know whats going down,

Peace out amigo,

Lizzard xoh no why? did you call her? tell me, i care!Oh lordy she is such a drama queen! I'm sure it will blow over and we can meet her in Edinburgh when you come... artists eh?

You are going to have SUCH a good time, you deserve it man, just be young and freeeeeeeeeeeee travelling Europe, how romantic. You should write a novel  and wear leather elbow patches.

Let me know how things are panning out as you go along. If you are really poor by the time you get to London I could always get a train down there and we could gallery hop? Either way is good for me as long as it doesn't interfere with school.

Hope you're flight goes well and say hi to Pina mina for me... tell her I am sad she hasn't replied to my e-mail though... silly German,

Peace out,

Lizzie xxMy tutor came over to talk to me and I had to ignore you... just keep me posted, you could stop here on the way to Lunney, how is the trip so far? LIZZARDO XHello Ms. Win-sheep!

Ok things are getting mega complicated so I'll try to plan out our best options...

I'm not sure the London thing is such a good idea because I'm there on a school trip and it sounds like I'll be pretty busy being dragged around design companies.

I get back from London on 16th so you come to Glasgow 17th - 21st? We can go to Edinburgh and stay with my parents too, so if you're going to Ireland you could go from Glasgow or Edinburgh... I checked flights from Edinburgh for the 21st and they are MEGA cheap, only 50 bucks. 

http://www.kayak.co.uk/r/SUuYy5

Or you could go to Ireland first then come see me 25th-29th?

It'll be a blaaaaaaaaaaassst. I'm well exciteeeed!

Lizzard xxyo yo yo Yeah 17th would be great but I have a climbing trip (sorry was planned ages ago) 22-25th so would have to leave you on the 22nd. You could just stay with my folks (or Jess!) for 2 nights until you have to go to Milan?

Do you want to meet up with Jess when you are here by the way, or is it too awkward? Lol

Lizzard xxxAh I am a bit confussled now! Well the 17th-22nd is best for me because I can probably get away from school for those days and take you up North to the lovely highlands! We could also have the car from my parents. It's probably better if we concentrate it all to full days rather than me deserting you to go to school during the day...

I can't get an extra space on the minibus for climbing, also weird legal stuff about non-university members and insurance...

I know it's only 6 days but I wasn't sure when you were coming and all this shit got 'put in the diary' We will have a freakin bomber time anyway.

I'm going to make you try haggis mate! and single malt whisky.
xxxxAlso Jess says she wants to see you and put things behind, so we can have a night out in Edinburgh with her too, I think we can just get pissed and forget all about it! 

Love and peace and pocket man xNae worries pal! 17 through 22nd is good for me, check kayak.co.uk for flights or thetrainline.co.uk for train tickets! Lizzie xxxxxIf you're bookiing flights/trains it would be easier if you went to Edinburgh because I can pick you up in the car... doesn't really matter though, just if they were the same price.

How cool is Amsterdam, been to the Van Gogh museum yet?Hey Leah,

Can you let me know what your plans are? I need to work out where I am when etc,

Hope you're having fun

Lizzard xHey, don't stress it's cool I just needed to know what was going on. Yeah I can pick you up in Edinburgh on the 18th/19th so thats all good. Just remember I'm going away late evening on the 22nd but that still leaves us lots of time!

Yay finland, send my love to Jukka and Noora!

Lizzie xI was begining to think you weren't coming! Ok so call me when you are in London... not sure you will get a train tonight but there is a megabus that leaves London at 11.15pm and gets into Edinburgh in the morning... It's only £20 but takes ages, let me know!

Lizziewoop woopp!That amazing dude!

I'm so glad you stayed on, I knew you would find some money from somewhere you always do, has it been a really amazing trip?  Did you see Pina again... and the ultimate question, did you have rabbit sex with Lunney?

ho ho ho, when do you get back for christmas/thanksgiving? I wish I was in RI for winter now, I actually miss providence, bring back Julians.

Peace and love to you,

Lizzard xLove the photos!Hello my lovely, 

Hope you have a fanastical birthday and drink copious amounts of your mothers champagne, then wake up feeling hungover and dot it all again... HUZZAH!

Say merry christmas to your family from me,

Lot of love Lizzie xHey Leah!

I really am sorry for not getting back to you, it's Facebook, i tend to ignore it sometimes!

That's awesome you're in Germany again, things going well with Bert? I love that name!

I'm afraid the chance of me making it to Berlin is pretty slim, I literally am scraping the bottom of the penny jar and have been neglecting school recently in favour of climbing so I have lots to catch up on. booooo

Maybe though, if I do catch up quickly. How long are you out there for?

Peace and love,

LLLLIIIIZZZZZZAAARRRRRRRRD FACE. 

xxxxHow the hell are you, in fact, where are you?Oh Leeeeeeah,

I've just been looking back at the photos again, it's crazy that it was all a year ago, I pissed myself when I saw the ones from the night where I bashed Jess's face in. Oops!

I'd love so much for us all to have a weekend together again, we have to make it happen this summer, at least some of us!

I hope everything is going well with you and Mr Germany!? It's cool that you're living the adventure in Berlin, good on you.

Everything is building up for the degree show here, I just want it over so I can live the next stage in my life, all the ice has melted now so my flatmates are glad that I'm not always halfway up some mountain and now I can actually hang out and get drunk, huzzzahhh!

Bing Bong Lea-ah. Love to you,

Lizzie Bizzardo xHello bing bong!!!!

I saw you had some photos from The Vineyard in the summer, it looked amazing! So you're back in Berliner, I definitely won't get over before Christmas, no money at all and working full time. But thinking about making a permanant move to mainland Europe so should be visiting Belrin in the New Year, how long are you staying m'lovely?

Miss you like big buckets of American coffee, (the cups are too small here, I am all about excess!)

Peeeeeeeace,

Lizzie xYo my fellow European amigo!

What's up in the Germany? I hope your German is better than my Dutch, if not just do a polite mumble and you will be fine...

Not sure what you meant about that camera, I sort of remember your mum showing me one, Did she have a question about it?

I am super excited to go back to Scotland for Christmas. I've been here for almost 4months now and need a holiday! How about you? Good old Winship Xmas bash?

Peace to you and Bert,

Lizzie xxoh man! I was so jealous when they were going out on a date, haha, ce la vie! How's it being back on the island, you'll have a great summer, Lizzie xxyo yyo yo! Yeah for sure - my boyfriend is a fellow American so I think we'll be coming over in the summer - probably NYC and Detroit, where are you living now? Liz BizYo yo, I got your cake tin , will you be @ LUST on Monday? I can drop it inYo yo, how's it going? We are good, all settled in Glasgow just got to find a nice studio space. Our address is

Flat 3/1
2 Nithsdale Drive
G41 2PN
Glasgow

Nice work on the Serpentine project tooLooking forward to the package :) Yeah I ran the whole one, it was great fun but unsurprisingly pretty tough! I'm not going to go to the US for the open day because it's so soon... but still going to apply, you never know! Dan says hi backHey ginge,

Shame you weren't aboot yesterday, never mind I'll maybe see you on Sun. Could you send me Ruth's e-mail address? I'm going to London soon and was hoping she could put me up for the night... Do you know what ares her hoose is?

Peace

Lizzie xHey Mate,

Thought I'd drop you a wee line to see how you're getting along. I was in Pittemweem in Fife with your maw and paw recently, they showed me a photo of you and Rachel at Christmas, you both looked lover-ly, and like you're having lots of fun! As I type this I see a photo of you drinking from a box of wine so I assume the party spirit has not died in you.

All is well here, I've become a bit addicted to ice climbing so basically going up North any chance I can get which is every weekend right now, not so good for the schoolwork though! So much fun, worth the expense (which is A LOT in equipment) Mum doesn't get excited buying me ice axes for Christmas!

When will I get to see your ugly mug back in Schottland? When you do we should go up north for a wee camping trip and I can take you for some rock climbing...?

Anyway keep having a blast but don't stay there for ever. and bring back some Aussie hunks in your suitcase. A swimmer preferably.

Peace and Love,

Bets xHeyyyy-o

Yeah I'm having an awesome time here, seriously love it. The job is great and I'm learning tons, good people and nice room by the beach. I don't want to leave!

My internship finishes at the end of December so coming back on 23rd for Christmas but seriously tempted to make a permanent move if I can find a better paid job etc.

If not, I suspect I will make the move to London, boom boom.

Are you also home to Scotland for Christmas? I hope your parents are having one of their awesome drinks parties so we can get pissed together!

Peaceeeeeee,

Lizzard xxAh I know, sorry sorry!

I've been quite busy here, still loving the work. Learning a lot but it is also very tough at points, sometimes my brain really hurts at the end of the day!

That's awesome about working for Rennie, do you like it at Hicksville? Are David, Raoul and Wojtek still there?

It's cool though because they have asked me to stay on when my internship is over, so I will only be back for a holiday over Christmas. I am totally chuffed but it's also a lot to take in. Better start learning Dutch as right now I suck!

Looking forward to seeing you at XMAAAAAAAS ya bass, are your mum and dad having a party?

Peaceee xxHey Jess, am I correct that you work part-time at Dalston Superstore?

My mate is playing there on Friday.... woop.

Peace and love,

Lizzie xxi saw this and thought of you - i remembered you liked him, sad times....http://www.guardian.co.uk/artanddesign/2011/jul/21/lucian-freud-died-aged-88yeah actually i am back form 5th to 8th although mostly at my cousins wedding in Newcastle but should be able to meet up at some point - hops life is good! Bets xback from wedding on the Sunday, LETS DO IT.nah man - had to head back to work on Monday. Probably Christmas till I see you now - booooooooo!funny story jess, you remember Hugh?

He is having a baby with my friend from Art School, weird eh?

Hope you're well,

Liz Biz xYo yo, back on the 22nd so in time for your maw and paw's party, will you be there? Hope so.

Liz Biz xLooking forward to it man! 
ps. Observe my prompt reply.... :)yo jess, can I sleep on your sofa in February (10-12)? I'm in London for a wedding, I will being you clogs and cheese... :)

Lizzie xsweet! see you in a week :)ja ja! I can't get too fucked as wedding is on sat but this sounds awesome. Shall I meet you from work on the Friday? I'm flying on Friday morning and seeing exhibitions in the daytime.

Peace an love amigo!

lIZZZZZZZZZZARD XCool bananas,

I'll probably decide during the day where I'll come to meet you, my mobile number is 0031 681 879 473.

I'll be at the wedding from 4pm on Sat so maybe we can have a nice brunch and a wander in the morning ja ja, pretentious tits that we are.

Sunday I have to leave around 3.30 to get to Gatwick but free until then.

Canny wait amigo,

Bets xwoop,

Hey man,m ,got home safe and sound although I was totally exhausted! 8 different buses / trains / tubes / trams from door to door.

Thanks so much for having to stay, it was a barry weekend and I wish I'd had a caf breakfast this morning!

See you soon amigo,

liz biz xYoooo ,

Thanks for the invite amigo but Dan doesn't get in until 23:00 so I think we'll just chill after. Have a gutes NY - it's a shame I won't see you before you go back down South but alas, another time.

Liz Biz xCheers bud!

Yeah you should totally come and visit - it's best when the weather is nicer, like June or something..

But Dan and I also really want to come to London soon for a weekend, but we're using up a bunch of holidays to go to Islay in May and drink all the whisky on the same Distillery tours that our parents did. wooop.

How's London town? Hope you're still having a ball.

Peeeeeeeeeeeeeace,

Lizzie xJessica McMorton - can you put me up for a night or two - 18th & 19th of Novemeber... :)As much as you desire! I'm giving a workshop @ LCC. I'll be there at the weekend too but staying with Jude, so we can hang out then too, Woop Woop! How's tricks?i'm just waiting 'till someone exposes me for the charlatan that I am... :)yeah I'm love to see Ruth and the Lucy's too.

Lookin' forward to it you radge.

I might also be at the Guardian one day, going to check out the Data peeps, then I can bring you a packed lunch in a magenta Polly Pocket box.Indeed!Jessie Jess Jess,

Are you still ok to put me up on Monday and Tuesday? I have to have dinner with the workshop peeps on Monday so probably won't be free until later on.

Did you still have plans for Lucy's bday?

Liz Biz xsa-weet, I'm hanging out with Jude on saturday night - do you think it would be appropriate for me to bring her to Lucy's thing too?

Looking forward to it amigo!

my number is +31681879473

liz biz xI really have no idea, Ususally after these things you have to go out for dinner with the teachers etc, but it might not even happen.

If it does happen, I guess around 11pm?

LIz BIz xsounds great!Dreams coming true.yo yo - yes, hving dinner with thee peeps, but should be done by 9pm or something, will call you, woop woop!Dear Jessica Morton,

Since you are away in NZ for NY, I was wondering what you thought about Dan and I staying at your place for a few nights? We could give you some of the money we would otherwise be spending on a hotel... 

I know it's a shared house so I understand if you'd rather not.

Hope all is well, when do you actually go to NZ. I saw your parents even made a blog. I shall follow it.

Liz BizAwesome! What a ledge. It would be the 31st - 3rd so 3 nights. We arrive down in London on New Years Eve, so could drop by your place to pick up keys immediately.

Thanks so much! 

I'm off to Detroit tomorrow - eek, have an AMAZING time seeing your sister. Hope to see lots of photos along the way.

Liz BizzzzShit, sorry, I didn't really have internet since I arrived in US. V. sorry.

Thanks so much for leaving the keys. We get into London at about 5pm on New Years Eve so I'll call one of you friends to let them know we're arriving. Have the best time seeing your sis. LIzzzie xxxGreat, it's good I've met them already so I'm not a total stranger, say hi to Rachel and your mad and paw for me! Lizzie xHey heeeey, we've had a blast, thanks so much. When do you come back? Liz bizVery early in the morning, we didn't sty there last night though, too much partying! Hope your having a blast, liz biz xxAhhhhh! Oh man, I'm so relived, that is my granny's. I'll get it the next time I see you or you go to Edinburgh, too valuable to post! Thanks so much. Also, we got you a wee something but it was delivered to Edinburgh by mistake so my dad is forwarding it on.

Thanks again, liz bizAwesome, I couldn't think where I had lost it. Pure fanny xYou got it! It's one of my favourites, thought it was nicer than another bottle of wine!however it does make you wan to be down and out in Paris and not London!JESS - you big KIWIbtdubs - do you still have my ring a ding ding?peace xSah-weeeet, thanks hen. Hopefully be back over in London soon for some bangs.hahahathat was autocorrected from bantsbangs bangs bangsyo yo jesssend it over to mail@lizziemalcolm.comyo yo - yeah great, we are up and running now, here is our temporary website http://openwork.netgot some money coming in now so the pressure is off!how about you?Indeed I am home for Christmas, Dan will be going to Detroit though, he only get to see him parents once a year! I'll  be back round the 19th I think... will there be a famous Morton's drink party agin this year? Lizzzzzziehey hey hey jesss! Are you going to be in London 13th and 14th June?Hey mort, Maybe you've heard though the grapevine but thought I'd let you know I'm pure gettin married n that... Hope you can come up the burgh to celebrate, Betty xxiknowright, feeling pretty grown up, I'm going to be a bloody wife! It was pretty romantic, we were in a cabin in France and he asked me... I cried. Anyway, yes, wedding in Edinburgh in May / June, will you send me your adress actually?she is! yeah facetime would be great, I'm teaching tonight but tomorrow?7pm your time? that's 8 for me, but I'm pretty flexible, xx+31681879473, looking forward to it5 mins!Jess missed a call from you.Tried calling with facey BYeeeeeah, my mum was suggesting coffee tomorrow with your maw and paw which would be cool, otherwise we are about on 2nd and 3rd in Edinburgh, does tomorrow work for you?Jess missed a call from you.Are you going from haymarket or waverly?If waverly we could meet at city art center at 11am for a coffeeWith your mum dad and Rachel if they are keen!You called Jess.Ah Jess, so sorry, I had bad jet lag last night and my mum just left me sleeping. But yes let's meet in 2nd, have fun in Glasgow xxxYou too!Aye cool beans, we are still in Glasgow, how about a cuppa at yours 4:30/5pm? XxYeah it's a bit tight, but we are actually in London at the end of this month, so let's see each other then!yo yo yo, what is your snail mail address for some real live post? :)Jess!don't suppose you called me today at the studio?I had a mystery call, and no-one took a good message ;)oooh, a real mystery! yes... we are leaving on Friday... but MEGA busy trying to finish all our projects before then. I'm exhausted :| !looking forward to seeing you, it's gonna be a blastyeah, we're going to Colombia for almost a month – but were total dummies and are leaving as soon as we get back to NL, which means we need to pack right now... argggI'm really glad everyone can make it to the wedding – haven't seen Kate in yearsJess! It was such a brilliant weekend, feeling very happy this morning and looking forward to Colombia so much!our band details are:Elisabeth Malcolm
IBAN: NL81ABNA0528894706
Swift / BIC: ABNANL2A------bank address is:
ABN Amro, Kneuterdijk 8,
2514 EN, The HagueThanks so much! And great to meet Alasdair again, he's lovely. When are you off to NZ?oh wait, you mean my UK account... that's probably easier isn't it.Elisabet Malcolm
account num: 00286027
sort code: 83-18-25bank is RBSthank you!will dooooo!jessy jess! what is your email address?Just home in den haag, what a blast! When will you and Ali come over?(image reference: messages/photos/10154433220158573.jpg)We have a spare room for you!Yes! Still ok to stay at yours? Xxfo sho, what's a good place/time for you?sounds goo to me, looking forward to it xx* goodoh, and what's your house address?Yeah we're here but can mill about until 1, still AllSaints?Jess! Really good, thanks so much.btw, those 2 cans of bud were not a thank you present!watch the post ;)yeah, he was pretty creepy trying to get in our room al lnightscratch scratchdid you have fun?i was completely rinsed yesterdaywe were out until 8 on Saturdayfeel it now thoughgetting oooooolddid you miss your flight btw?yeah, I thought I'd continue the tradition of getting you a book when I come to stay :) I just read this one, really liked itGreat :) I read it on a Colombian beach!Yes I have some great tips! Will email tomorrowI'm staying with your relative in New HavenYeah we were there for business so no exploring. But we did have an amazing dinner at a little restaurant called Pasta Madre, I couldn't recommend it enough! Get the sparking white wine they have, went down a treat , you should book thoughLooks like your having a total blast in you job! Look at us jetsetters from wee craiglockharthmmmm, I was always there for work so didn't do a lot fun stuff actually!a week tomorrow* bites fingernails *I am in the studio right now preparingwith a monumental hangoverit's 1.5 hours long, mostly talking about my workI would go in September, although we'd move in the summer probsthanks!just over a weekon ma normanlooking forward to eatin' some pancakes in a dinerhahaha(image reference: messages/photos/10155207449483573.jpg)wooooop!btw, got into Yale....but just declined the placecan explain all in LD*LDNWait, for 5 people or 5pm?Yes please count us in!Jess! Sorry to be an absolute shite but I have to cancel our spot at the pre-dinner next weekend. My Dad is unexpectedly in London as well and it's his birthday so I said we'd have an early dinner with him. Hope its not an inconvenience!I had so much fun too!yo yo, was just talking with my friend Jordy and thought you might wanna see his website: http://jordyvandennieuwendijk.nl/peacccceYeahFo sho! I thought it's nice for you to know who they're bymoving to U.K. In a few weeksHopefully see you soon gen*henJESS! I've been jealously looking at your highland photos all weekend – so sunny! Were you at Appin?

Me and Dan made this silly mug to raise some money for charity before Christmas – I thought this kind of thing might go down well on the London media scene ;) 
https://thefuckyoumug.comjelly!will I be seeing you over the holidays too?Kate's Bday?wow, nice!!so should we send some there asap?yeah for sure, we want to sell them all before Christmas so we can donate all the money in a one-er.
I'm sure this will help!cooool beans, will send them off nowhey!yeah I sent some to Thomas yesterdaythey should arrive todaySWEETyeah, Pretty 52 :/who came up with that ;)yeah for sure, good causes all round!btw are your maw and paw having a drinks perty this year?Quick Colex related question...

If you put an unexposed bit of paper, does it come out white?

ok, now I have asked that I realise it must... ah it's too late in the day. Peace, LizzieYo yo,

I'm afraid I'm in an unfortunately similar situation. I only have 25 sheets left. I might have some 8x10 if that's any use but I need to check how much. Maybe you can get some from Hunts?

Fuck knows what I am going to print though. Bollocks, he really fucked us over on this one!

See you in the COOOOOLLLLEEEEEEXXXXXXXX..Hey, sorry about Friday,

I left my phone at Dimi's when I was babysitting so didn't get the message from you guys.

Hope you had fun, I wanted to go but couldn't persuade the guys to leave De Pass!

I was wondering if you wanted to go see this
http://www.nationaltheatre.org.uk/63286/productions/frankenstein.html

They are broadcasting it live to the Pathe in Den Haag,
Peace,

Lizzie xoh yeah! well, I'll remind you closer to the time!

Lizzie xyaaaaaaaaaas!Hulooo,

Yeah had a great weekend back in the motherland but back to a busy week! My friend isn't coming until next week which works well as I am still recovering from Erica's goodbye meal on Monday night...

We're in Amsterdam on Friday for a Mediafonds thing but hope to make De Pass... wouldn't be Friday without it!

Are you well?

Liz Biz xxAh crap! I was already annoyed because I will miss the lecture, now your birthday!

Oh well, nothing can be done now. If she comes home early I can pop by on my way home but otherwise I can buy you a birthday port wine when I see you.

I won't say anything, although I am starting think this babysitting thing sucks when you have a full time (plus overtime) job!

have a wonderful day tomorrow, try not to work TOO much and spoil yourself a little.

Lizzie xxyeah I know, I look forward to it! Friday Paas? We got back last night and I feel like a zombie...ah crap i was out cycling and not with my phone, are you still going to Animal Collective on Tuesday? i think I will take Dans ticket,Lizzie xAh man, sound really good but I am going to miss tonight. I was sick last night due to some suspicious kip kerrie (grrr) and feel mega weak today so it's best I rest I think. Have a good time though and I'd like to see you later in the week. ps check this awful photo out http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=211766422175216&set=a.211766285508563.56560.178627048822487&type=1&theaterfancy a glass of wine today or this tomorrow? http://tag.do/#/index/wow, maybe you can translate this for me! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCfxshW2OME

You around for a Friday beer?
Hope you had a jolly fun week,
Lizzieyoooooooooo,
Hope you had a fun trip, are you going to the Walden Affairs thing tomorrow night?

peace out,

Lizzieoh i hope you're ok... are you going to grote markt tonight? Lizzie xja, ja, what time were you thinking of heading there?i'm just eating some dinner then heading over - do you know where you might go to in the Grote Markt (or just wherever there is space?)yeah cool - the one on weimar?ja!have a good holi-holi-day!boo to the weather!! you fancy a coffee/ wine some time tomorrow? lizzzzzzzie xYo yo,

Sorry, forgot to write back - I'm playing badminton after work tonight, tomorrow is good for me though, good for you too?

fijne dag!

Liz Bizcool bananazmooi, feel like a new woman ;)haha, yeah i'm ok - i blame the oranje bitters ;)oh man, I would really like to but I have to finish a bunch of work before I go to Berlin tomorrow. :(

My friend is coming to visit next weekend so we'll be in the paas next Friday.

Have a good week!

LizzieHey hey,

London was fun, really hectic though!

I forgot to say thanks for the port by the way, it was delicious. We drank it on Wednesday.

See you Friday? Shall we do curry night this Friday?

Liz Biz xhow was portugal? liz biz xhey, when are you back amigo?yay! we missed you bothhoi hoi-

Since we didn't get to see the movie last night - you feel like seeing it tonight?

Lizzzzzie xXX Blonde for me!wassssssupLets meet at Vrij Academie a bit earlier?there is an exhibition opening...gonna go there in 10 mins or socooooolyeah, they are also asking for submissionsI think Jan Robert is involvedJan Robert Leegte, he's a teacher in 3rd year, nice guyI think that the crypto design thing would maybe be betterhttps://cryptodesign.org/opencall/?lang=enor both!this Yami-ichi / Black Market thing says you get a boothcould be coolcoool, the speakers sound greatmaybe I'll stay in Amsterdam after Veem.... go to the Matisse exhibition tooyeeaaaaaaahhhhLooks interesting!Hey-o Megan, this is a marginally more sober invitation to our housewarming on 13th Feb @ 8pm. Address is Weteringkade 21, 2515AK. Hope you can come! Lizzieyum yumhow about beer soaked neon coloured cereal?yo annie I didn't know you had the Arcade Project book, can I borrow it?

ps, Tobi is it my day or your day?ok you want to swap with me for tomorrow?lets go crazy and eat breakfast for dinner... eggs?shuttleCOCKAnyone want to eat Surinamse food tonight?cool, dinner at 8 amigozmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.lets eat a bagsuck a bag o' dicksho ho ho, how about chicken in a dish, or stuffed pepperzzzzz, or fois gras?what time is tea?wooooooooop(image reference: messages/photos/10153080688163573.jpg)hahahahaahhahahaha(image reference: messages/photos/10153080688168573.jpg)but you know you want to wear the Union Jack dress, it's all worth it.meeeI have to work at home later though - but lets drink a whisky when I'm done!what. the. fuck.his birthday thing is tomorrow though...waaaaaaaawoohoo, new shower. Although he should find it and install it, what do we pay him for!!!

Thanks for talking to him daaaaaaan.the boiler just made some REALLY scary noises and was spitting hot water so i turned it off - i would be cautious about turning it on again!

lizzie xit takes toooo long I thinkHey duuuuude,

Sorry didn't reply, wis away camping and now hideously burnt from a day in the fife sun, I have alpine tan, neck and wrists.

Let hang aboot, I have no money so free things are the best!

Lizzard xDid you get that e-mail from jess's cousin?

I told him I'd ask you when you're free because he thinks we can't handle the babies on our own!

If free all weekend, you?

Peace and love my friend.

Lizzard xKazza! Can you send me your email address plz... got something to send youyo kazzza, what is your snail mail address? Are you still in Gorgie?ta hen, it's coming your waaaaayaye aye me too,Coming to ours is easy but we live pretty far away from you guys... if you wanna keep it RISD central thats cool with me, if not just come by at 9.

Peace

Lizzieoh man that sounds cool... is it aan open event?Sounds good, I'll get some booze too.

between 7-9 is quite a long time! should we come at 8?

peace, Lizzie xwoo party on dowwwwnah I need to check, I cannot rememberrrrrrrrIt's nearly a YEAR, remember the morning we all had to go meet like an alcoholics anonymous meeting? All is good in Glasgow, I send out lots of new year greetings. No more drugs and booze.....

Liz Biz xBirthday galore!

Sorry I can't make it tonight with the annoying American, have a good one though x

LizzieDo you still want it? I changed the price to 30 because we have to move outHey smelly, fancy coming out for a few drinks for ma bday next sat(28th) ? Probably just start at a pub somewhere. Invite lots o folk, helen and kirsten and matt etc. the more the merrier! hows werk? betty xBastard dog. Sending you my get well soon love,

Lizzie xyooooooooooooo!

Good to hear from you man, yeah I am stateside, not in NYC though, I'm probably closer to Boston, in Providence, Rhode Island.

It's quite a small city but the art school is meant to be amazing, it's great so far although I feel pretty jet lagged and confused! I have a cool room-mate that I met on Craigslist which has worked out well,

Someone is trusting you with the care of their children!! Only joking, sound fun, will it be mega hard work?

I'll fill you in once more exciting stuff is going down,

Hope you're well

Liz Viz xHello Miss Hainey!

I DONT EVEN KNOW WHO YOU ARE ANYMOREEEEEEEEE.

Ok, dramatics over, it seems we have grown into exciting jet-setters these days and living away from the Scottish nest. I would like to know if you are home for Christmas so we might share too much mulled wine and a catch up, JAH JAH JAH????

I'm living in The Netherlands the noo but back for 2 weeks over the festive period,

Peeeeeeeeace across the pond,

Lizzie McMalcolmYeah, a combination meet up sounds great, I love to see mat and nick too.

I'm working for a studio lab here, mostly doing interactive projects, installations, web, etc. Basically I come up with crazy ideas and we work in a team to help realise them. it's pretty awesome! here's the websites www.lust.nl and www.lustlab.net

I am also a little homesick too this week, not sure why it hit me now but I really feel like a day of BBC telly and beers in pint glasses, not the crappy tiny ones they serve here!

Ok, until Christmas my friend! Hope you're having fun,

Lizzie xxAlright hen, your bairn pure looks like you, like. :) Just wanted to drop a line to say good luck with the visa shit and let me know when you're next in the UK as I'd love to see you, Mark and Lewis. Lizzieyo yo - no still in NL, been here for 4 years now which is bananas! But back and forth to Scotland every so often, Dan likes visiting the distilleries - although not so keen on climbing mountains with me... ! All the best, Lizzie xxJOOOLIA! What's up? Can you send me your email address?Thanks! Our parents are probable wondering why there were no good Scottish boys for us¯\_(ツ)_/¯right!?this stereotype didn't come from nothing!Just needed your email to send an invite, 2 July in the 'burghthere will be 4 of you by then, right?:)oh wow, congrats too!nahhhhwell, hope the coming month isn't too exhausting for you and hopefully see you before July! xGreat! I'm happy you can come. It's coming up pretty soon, I think it's going to be a pretty fun party ;)see you then!When you coming hame palio? Is mikey out there with you now?

Miss you,
Bets xYou get a BP jobby?oh alles is gut,

Having a really good time but sooooo much work! it's kind of ridiculous!

Oh well, gotta go to class but will give you a proper lowdown later,

Bettinaa xxxWas you're bday fun?

I hope you got my card but wasn't sure of the e-mail address.

Miss you,

Bets xgabby gabby gabbyyyyy

Having a pure fabby time. Met a great group of people... a lot of work but I'm managing to party on too.

Off to NYC with a few friends on Friday after class, boozing in the big city. I forgot how amazing New York was, it's so cool to just go for a weekend. All the other RISD students are freaking out about the end of term but I refuse not to have fun while I'm here. I'll just do my best!

I Miss Scotland too, can't wait to have a bacon roll. American bacon is shitttttte. Also want a Tennants in a shabby Glasgow pub that smells a little like wee. 

I'm back in Glasgow on 26th so put it in your diary! How's projects going and exams?

Sending a hug,

Bettina-schmina xHelloo gab-man-bam-pot

I've been a library hermit for a week but very long essay is finally taking shape... Once I've handed in on Wed let me buy you a big frosty pint of joy.

Miss you!

Bets xGavin, the 30th of August is when I start work in Holland, I won't see you at all!

Call me when you get back to the UK. I miss Gabby,

Bets xxGabby!

Will you be back in Scoterland for Christmas? I hope so.

Betty xback from 3rd-12th June, doing some hiking with Donny then hitting the degree show, you should come to the highlands too!aye, you should come down mine for some dinner, I'll be in touch when I get back, it's been almost a year!!COME TO NLBooooo, are you in the burgh smelly pantz? BettyArrive today, gotta have scran with my family but maybe a drink later?gabby gabby gabby, never heard from you! I hope it's not another year until I see you again... BetzHi Elissa, 

Sorry but I'm off to Martha's Vineyard for the weekend, hopefully see you on Tuesday,

Take care,

LizzieHey Elissa,

So sorry I didn't get back to you last night. I didn't check my e-mails in time.

Do you have a phone number? Mine is 14012418407.

I might organise a trip to the cinema at the weekend, maybe see you then!

Hope you're well,

LizzieHey Alice, sounds good. I have to work a little late but hopefully can join. You know which part you will be @?Hey cuz,

I'll be blunt, any way you can help me get a job in the festival? I will be very poor on my return from the States and need to earn some moolah!

Hope all is swell in the motherland,

Lizzie xHey cus,

Yeah that sounds awesome, although I live about 30mins from the Airport and 45mins from Amsterdam, but you're VERY welcome to crash at mine. I could show you the delights of Den Haag or we could go for some beers in A'dam.

I'm now recovered from Paris but right back into the thick of it, accompanied by a nice dose of booze blues from a well deserved weekend of partying! Oops.

Speak soon,

Liz BizYeah it's not a problem to meet you in Amsterdam, but maybe it's nice for you to meet my friends in Den Haag - are you flying or getting a train to Berlin? liz bizHolland Spoor or Centraal - it doesn't really matter which, they are both central. Hope it's not too expensive!

LizzieHey hey, yeah cool!

I will have to work until 2/3pm I think. Bu then I can sneak away.

Are you getting a train from Rotterdam on Friday?

Liz BizYeah that could be right. What time is it? Maybe I can also sneak the morning off... my boss is on holidayhey hey,

my number is +310681879473

You can get the train to Den Haag Centraal or Den Haag HS, they are pretty much equidistant to my studio.

I have a meeting at 1.30, but should be done in an hour so I can come and meet you ASAP. Give me a text / call when you arrive and I'll make a speedy exit. It's supposed to be nice weather so maybe we can go to the beach bars,

Liz Biz xyo yo - Yes of course, we actually even have a spare room... well, it's more of a glorified cupboard but there is a bed with clean sheets all the same! Let me know when you arrive, hopefully we can have dinner or something too. Lizzie xyeah great! I look forward to it.Hey cus, still arriving tomorrow?Great, my number is +31681879473 and my address is Bakkersstraat 70 2513 TK, see you later!I guess you realized you forgot the cheese!Yeah, it's cool right? I know the people that made it, they're in Amsterdam... Looking forward to seeing you! Zing!Andy Pandy, looks like you're having an amazing time on your trip, very envious! Got some family news for you, Dan and I are getting hitched! I'm excited, although not as much as my Mum I think! 

Keep having fun and see you soon! Remember you're always welcome over here,

Lizzie xxshe is indeed! But I'm happy that she is already organising stuff, not my favourite thing to do!Andy! We're actually moving today - in our van on the way through. Of course send us the brief to take a look  We're going to have you all over for Sunday dinner once we're all unpacked, but might you be in Glasgow soon? We could get a curry out somewhere xxI'm at a wedding in France actually but Dan isn't because he is grounded until the Home Office give him a permit!Speak soon xxAndy! I've had a good look over the brief, looks good. I have a few comments but also waiting for an architect friend of mine for recommendations for you, be in touch later todayOnce question, have you decided how to approach potential studios/comanies? ie. paid/unpaid pitchesyeah for sure, speak thenI'm still on my Dutch number, but you can whatsapp me or SKypeYou called Andy.Andy! I don't know any myself but have some contacts that might – can I CC you in a mail to them?done, it's actually my old teacher Neil, he is now teach in the architecure department at Strathclyde Uni so might come up with some good onessome good tips from Neil I thinkoh...you are in CCok, then I'll forward itcheck spam?cooland it sounds like he could get more tips if you tell him he can shareno worries! happy to helphey andy! yes, sure, I am at the art school today but will check this out later todaygot time now?You called Andy.yes you're very welcome to stay!Haha no problem we are 
3/1 2 Nithsdale DrivesirbangletangleNetwork is:
I'm going onlineOops you forgot your toiletriesI knew it was classyHey Adam,

I have a balloon related question!

I'm trying to get hold of a big one not unlike the one you are sporting in your profile picture! Do they have a special name or anything? I tried 'giant balloon' without much luck!

Hope you are well and enjoying Landan?

Speak soon,

LizzieCheers man, yeah I bought some rather large party balloons, they taste like ass to blow up and my cigarette cripples lungs made me almost faint!

Yeah life it pretty sweet, the job is hard but really fun and good social scene too. I basically am working or drinking, not so bad!

Hope to catch up soon, maybe degree show?

Lizzie xxhmmm, the link doesn't work...thumbs upHey Claudia,

Just thought I'd drop you a line to see how you're getting on. The boys look huge! I can't believe it, they'll be moody teenagers before you know it. The wee one too..

I'm doing well, still living in The Netherlands, thats 2.5 years now. I have a great job and a nice b/f so can't complain.

Have a good festive period and give the boys a big embarrassing sloppy kiss from me :)

Lizzie xyes, will do!Hi Kaya, I'm home nowyep!the coconut treats were delicious! Dan and I are fighting over them ;)ah yeah, great. Happy to helpHi Kaja,

I was glad to see you yesterday, even though it was quickly.

I wanted you to know that I was thinking about you this week and how hard it must be to go through the death of someone you are so closely connected to, even if you are not together anymore. I hope you are doing ok, and have some space to grieve now.

Sending hugs to you and Tigo

LizziePARTY @ Kockstraat 189 on Saturday 17th @ 20.30!

LizzieYes, great, you're welcome to stay with us too, lets have dinner on Wednesday for sure? zing!Super, just come straight here, we are right next to Holland Spoor, Weteringkade 21Of course you can stay, my number is the same 0681879473, Dans is 0639657055see you Wed!I'm in!get back to workHey Aaron, just came across Wikihouse today and thought I'd shoot you a link for the organisation Dan and I do some work forhttps://make.works/I was telling you about the plugin the other weekend :)Aaron! Gemma says you've got some keys for us, fancy a drink on Thursday eve somewhere in your neighbourhood? Our train gets in at 20:00 so we could be up there by 21:00yeah great! See you there at 8:45? It's not far from EustonMake it 9pm? The oyster machine stole Dan's money and now we gotta wait for the guyyyyThis is for them!

http://lizziemalcolm.com/ali didn't get one!awesome Eve, I put it in the work calendar already...wierd, have they even ever met? facebook creeps me out. there was a discussion on BBC News 24 this morning about people who get addicted. i feel it coming, i get messages sitting at my computer and i can't help looking! You're gona have sweaty italian sex ha ha. give me a call for a coffee jaaaaaaaaaahDO IT!!! JOIN THE MAFIA!!It sounds very disturbing! I'm not sure I want to hear any details...I'll try and beat my face up to pretend to be you and get your essay mark. I might lie and tell you you failed if I am jelous of your mark.

Yeah Dom went to London, he left a note in the kitchen saying 'Have a nice week and see you in half term for mega party' What the fuck that means i don't know!

I was drawing at the anatomy museum today, cyclops babies...very creepy.

Anyhoo, peace and love and get drunk in London. Me and Mart decided you are very un-organised...running around like a headless chicken on Monday!

Lizzie xYO YO YO, yeah i think you're right, I want to talk to him face to face and he owes Mart a massive chat.

Just chillling at home today it's very noice. I want to hear gossip though, when you going back to Glasgow? You gonna go home for a few days too?

Moo Moo Moo

LizzieNo, it's good, few typos though, you want to correct them tonight or shall i send them over noo?Yes it's booked...huzzah! I'm flying at 10.50 from glas and I change in Calgary. I'm flying zoom airlines which is apparantly like being herded like diseased livestock but it's cheap!

I also woke up with a cold... boooo, it fucking summer. How did this guy ask you out?? how exciting, I've never been asked out by a stranger. We are quite pathetic creatures, me more than you however.

Hope you feel better and send me clips whenever.

Bo Biz JizJUUUUUUUDY.

I wish Lyndsey wasn't there when I said goodbye... I was a bit pissed and choked up and got on the Skytrain in the wrong direction and ended up in suburbia!

The travel home went smoothly enough but had delays in Gatwick. I was so confused when I finally got home, 11 differrent forms of transport to get from the hostel to my hoose! 

I misss you already, there was no-one to laugh with on the way home.. in my delirium (i got pretty drunk on the BA flight) I just laughed on my one which apparently isn't a cool/normal thing to  do.

I ope everything is going well with Lyndsey and Jess, she said you went to a crazy photography party?

Peace out my main man... props.

Love you lots, Lizzie xI know you reeeeeeeealy don't need this right now but Mart said the landlord was asking for the rent, you want me to seach the net or has someone accepted yer gumtree thingmy?

Sorry man, 
Jizz xJOOOOOD,

back a worky and i really miss holiday times. I might just come back... this austin guy sounds cool?

Lizzie xOh judy it was so bizarre... Aaron kept trying to corner me in a room and kiss me, he said the strangest things, we must discuss!

Lizzie xBoo. Boo. Boo.

You will find somewhere, it's proabably a really busy time to get places right now too. Have you put notices up around college?

I advise fashioning a wicker 'horse of Troy' and leaving it outside his room. Then, once he has accepted it as a gift from the gods, you can leap out (very elegantly) in the middle of the night and demand he leaves the room or you will tell people he wears Hello Kitty pyjamas.

I know to leave Aaron alone, he's a greedy greedy boy. Me and mart went to the pub and saw Will and Simon etc... I don't mind Simon, he was being pretty sound. Marta sat and didn't utter a word which was bloody awkward so I swifty dragged her away. Then we went over to Bill's new flat for drinks with Jo, Sam and Daisy which was really funny. He's living with posh charlotte and she actually has a princess Diana shrine.. it's so wierd. She also has a photo of her and Billy next to her bed, we were joking that she's gonna go into Billy's room and lay out a King's costume on him while he's sleeping and part his hair.

Just off to college to hand in my RISD application. Seb helped me out with it which was sound.

There is a massive Judy shaped hole in the flat, I wear your clothes adn talk in an  Irish accent so Mart doesn't get too sad. The only problem with this is if Tom comes round and tries to hump me.

Love you lots bud,

Lizzie xxxHey bud,

Showing some peeps around you room today, should have someone soon. Hope everything is going well. I went hiking with adam, aaron and omercan yesterday. Random group! Is was fun though. Mary came back last night, she’s staying with us for the week as her hoose isn’t ready yet. We went round  to Seb etc’s later for boozing time.

Marta has asked you pay the rent into my account… my details are 0 0 2 8 6 0 2 7 sort code 83-18-25.

Miss yer ugly mug,

Lizie xHello my loverly,

Sat was muchos fun, me and Charlotte went on a jaunt in the hills in the day then I cooked some yummy dinner for all of us and Felix, his new flatmate come round, a Dane called Rasmus... I LOVE HIM, he is so pretty and we nearly kissed later on. Now word has gotten round about him though so I think I lost my chance, girls left right and centre. I must woo him with my jizzy face.

We all just sat and drank hideous amounts of red wine and went to a party later, didn't feel too shit on Sunday, marta cooked some fajitas and Ben, joe etc came over for tea... Pretty Ben! Then we watched 'The Devil And Daniel Johnson' which was awesome.

Here's a few titbits of gossip 1. Pete slept in Rach's bed on Sat night 2. Tash peed on Grace in Cuba 3. Mart fancies my workmate Raoul.... I'll think of more later!

Just came into college this morning with Rach and Veronika but been waiting around for a meeting. I got there too late and have a shite desk, it's right in the sun. 

I really really hope you find a place soon. I can't believe how hard it is, stupid Canadians. What are these midterms you speak of? Sounds annoying but productive. I'm quite nervous about starting up again, I hope my mind hasn't been warped with Dvd design.

It's Charlotte's birthday tomorrow so I think we'll go out for some tea, I bought her a book today 'Wasp Factory' Andy is on good form so far, missing Bubble but coping. I keep expecting you to arrive at the flat, very bizarre doing all these things without my sidekick.

I pretty much haven't stopped the constant boozing since Canada, but I've been in the hills which I persuade myself counters the liver damage. I'm going to the Carnarvon tonight, but I'm gonna ask Seb to go for a drink first, it must be tough now that everyone has started back. I'll try shake him up into getting a good and interesting job!

Jude is good. Keep busy and all with fall into place,

Lizzie xxhey fanny face... just seeing if you had put this money in, mart is asking... jizzbotSure, I'll talk to him tomorrow, what address do you want it sent to in Canada, or just a scan of it? I couldn't find your dyslexia thing in the kitchen.. you know where else it may be?

I'm pretty drunk! We're having a chinese takeaway party for charlotte's birthday, love you lots,

Lizzzie boheeeeeeey, I think we have several e-mails going at once now! Yeah Marta says this is cool.

Although man I have a bastard subject to bring up... did you find that Gavin Turk book as this library are on my back. It's called 

Gavin Turk : collected works 1994-1998

Although it's not horrific if you've lost it as its only £30 to replace.

Sorry to bother you about this, I know you've got a lot on your mind.

Lizzzzzzzzzzzzzzie xxxOh yah my pal I'll see him tomorrow.

I'll look through your boxes of stuff too for the certificate, must be somewhere. I want a hells angel... was he amusing?

Liz bojudy poo,

In the library and feeling very rough, went to flying duck last night. Mary was wasted but she seems on top form, trying very hard to set me up with richard but I'm not sure anymore!

I have a stupid mini crit thing soon and I really don't feel like it, just want to curl up in the cinema or something. Saw Gav this morning he says hey-o.

Peace and love bud bud

Lizzie xBum Breath!!!!!!!!

Oh nay, not expecting to hear until after 15th

Call me tomorrow if you get a chance, I fancy a blether. I'm currently weeping into a powerpoint presentation about Suprematism

I AM SUPREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEME.

MOO MOO MOO, judy is a hoo(re) but we love her so.

Jizzer-bombasticYay, presentation went well.

Your's sounds a little more daunting though, just get drunk.

I must get skype, there is lots to talk of I'm sure. How is mitzie the ditzie? you getting on better with her?

PS. Andy shaved his head TO THE BONE and he looks like a chemo patient.Oh Judy, where are you!!!!!!!!

Last night was so wierd! We went to a party at Charlottes, Robin our swedish flatmate got with Veronika, quite nice, I don't think he's that hot but she seems to like the tall lanky type. 

Oh god there is too much to laugh about in an e-mail.

One. Marta told Sam that she liked him and he said he didn't feel the same way, she's been crying all morning. She is so difficult to comfort, just saying how everyone has rejected her since she was 14 and 'what's wrong with me' I'm finding it hard, I'm really sympathetic but she's acting in a teenager-y way about it, doing the whole 'I hate Glasgow and my life' What can I say to that?

Anyway, this is all leading to the fact that she then kissed Aaron LOADS last night. Arg, poor Mary. Aaron and her are back together and she will find out no doubt. We've been hanging out with them a lot recently and I don't want it to get awkward. Mary has been really sound too.

Next. Seb just walked around all last night making me smell his shirt saying 'It smells like Juuuuude, Imiss her' At first I was like awww, then, stop making me smell your shirt! You are such a romantic Judy poo but it was so sweet, gave me hope for the world!

I don't know if I told you I kissed Richard last weekend. It was really hilarious, but not very good. A bit like a washing machine!!! I can't decide what to do, Mary says he does like me and he was trying it on last night. I am such a prat, I just did my usual and went home early so I didn't have to deal with it. Lizzie is a fool-io

What a lot of gossip, and I'm sure there is more! Everything is really fun though, I'm in a good place, despite being a little lonely... I didn't realise how much I need you to listen to me sometimes, I know this is horrible but Marta just talks about her problems all the time. I'm trying to avoid sounding like a spoilt brat but I need something back somtimes. I do sound like a brat.

Well well, hope this wasn't too much to take in! That's well good you've got a new flat, how the hell did the boyfriend catch you bitching about him... did you have the computer on that function where it reads out everything on screen in a really funny Stephen Hawkins voice? ho ho

Lizzie bee x x x xHey bud bud,

Round at the lads flat, everything is totally cool, Mary didnt mind about Mart and Aaron and we cheered mart up major style, I think shell be ok, shes good at dealing with these things. mcdonalds and red wine is the key!

Jude is the man man

Lizzie xxYes he is a good lad and he likes you A LOT, which is always a nice thing! He just needs a kick up th bumhole once in a while.

Just got tickets to London in reading week, I'm going to book a place at the Stanley Kubrick archives, yay! Then stay with Mary and see Francis Bacon exhibition. I will dress up in your clothes and go see your sister. 'Hello I am Judith. Do do do, I like yoghurt, do do do, give me a gin, la la la.' Good impression? oh jah

It was like you were on holiday at the start... now I miss you more! Especially the uber long pub chats where we discuss the meaning of the world in a very slurry manner.

Love Jizz bomb... call me any time at the weekend!

Liz bizoh judy.. is it today you have to give it? I am indeed glugging coffee and muffin from el ref, feel loads better now. We had a pub trip last night to the carnarvon which healed all wounds. Mary's pal crissy is up from London, she's really nice.

Don't panic if you have to give it today and don't drink coffee beforehand, you will get all jittery juddery. Is it nearly finished? I hope you get some sleepytime before college.

I'll be thinking of you!

Liz biz loves the jiz xxI know, but you are literaly doing that in all of them...no editing was done!Lijizzsky. I love it.

Yeah Mart said she got a sad e-mail from you... So glad you got a boost, going to write any poetry? You totally should, in a non sarcastic waaay.

Where are all the pretty boyssssss, smuggle me some Canadian meat (ewwww)

You should go up Grouse mountain and think of me! Ithink you will get the outdoor bug then come back dragging me up mountains yay, you'll be like Pippi Longstocking... or Pippi Thongsucking, or Poppi Pillmunching, or Trippy Hilldancing or Crappy Thrillgoblin?

You know you want to.

I did call your sis, was hoping we could meet for a chilled beverage and a yabber, I'll try her again, can't wait to go to London, yay!

Take care Pissi Dongtalking xxxxxxx

ps. Dong Wang WillyOh Judy, you left a big hole in the glas-gay..

Friday night was party times, had dinner at ours with Seb's flat... oh what a night. Aaron began to come on to everyone in sight and to cut a long story short him and Marta ended up pulling at the party right in front of Mary, a lot. I went up to them and was like 'what the fuck are you doing, stop it, mary is right there' However they were very keen and Aaron ended up staying in Marta's room... very naked.

Mary had gone back with Seb and Adam and discovered Aaron was not at their flat and most likely with Marta... Seb said she got very very upset.

Marta was unserstandably wracked with guilt in the morning. I was like 'well you have to accept what you did was pretty horrible but I think you can sort it out' We went to another party last night with Mary and they didn't speak to each other the whole time. awkward! Marta is calling her today to apologise which I think is a good idea. It's all pretty messy.

It doesn't help that Aaron is saying they just kissed then he slept on the floor because that's not what happened and quite a few other people know this so Mary is bound to find out. I don't think they slept together as they had no protection but I'm sure other things went on!

I have no drama. at all. Although Ed has taken to texting me frequently, all I want is a viking!

Seb is missing you loads, we talked at length about how much we miss you, although for different reasons! That whole flat is a bunch of man'whores, Seb is the only one that gives me hope for MAN-kind. 

That's pretty amusing about Mitzie, Mart showed me her modelling photos...ahahahahaha. Especially the one with the sword. Comedy gold.
'Oh look at my sexy vulnerable body next to this big penis shaped sword'

When do you get to depart from her and move into you're new abode, I hope it is soon. I really really want to see you.... it's not the same maaaaaan, It's all a bit like a boozy hormonal soup right now but I forgot my spoon so can't take part.

Enough of the sloppy metaphors, I shall depart on a poem.

There once was a girl named Browning
She made Lizzie go about frowning
She wanted her booze
and drank out her shoes
until she was warned of her drowning.

LiJizztsky xxxxxxxxOk, I forgive you... sexy cat.

Halloween was really fun. Me, Marta, Andy and Robin went as Kraftwerk. Best. Costume. Ever. It was very funny, me and mart looked like lesbian geography teachers, I made cardboard laptops and mixers that were attached to our waists. I will show you pictures! Some 50 year old guy in Sainsbury's had a spaz attack he was so excited.

We went to the Halloween Ball, I have a new dealer who gets very nice Love Hearts which is good but I have to not get them too often! I had a perfect amount though and was very nicely high, we went to an ok after party then me Marta, Andy and Adam fell asleep on Marta's bed around 7... tight squeeze!

Andy wasn't going to come out then took 3 pills... it was a funny sight in the 'morning' he was like 'I'm broken...again... weep' Then me and Rach got Balti Club and watched Mrs Doubtfire... confusing watching Scottish Trannys on a comedown.

Seb has gone back to Norway though so he didn't take part, he was very sad about missing out on drugs, sometimes I worry about his priorities!

I'm sure it was very traumatic but I just about pissed myself when I read about your dream, Just to warn you Seb is the size of a house... we just bought him a circular bed and feed him liqiud batter through a hose in the door.

Don't worry we are all exactly the same, too much beer and not enough work, I've continued the drinking every day since Canada... I'm almost serious!

It's also fine with the whole 'Aaron-Gate' scandal, everyone has made up and happy times proceed, I'm off to London on Wed and will see your sis on Thursday I fink, Boozy booze booze, yay!

Goodbye Mitzie and your phallic sword, we wish never to see your squishy breasts again! (Have you ever noticed breasts is also like beasts, or best or 'Beastie's Best Breasts of Beastiality' the title for my upcoming Broadway show, you must come along daahling.)

Blah blah blah word vomit ahoy. Keep cracking on to sexy Germans, the more we know the better. Hallo Ich heisse Judit und Ich komme aus Glasgow, kann wir ein bar gegangen?

I keep meaning to send you some work... But Kraftwerk pics first. Just hang up a big scab or something and say 'this is a piece of my body and soul, the most honest artist's statement one can ever behold'

Peace and Love and Hugs galore, silly fucked dancing is nothing without your disembodied arms hitting me every so often.

Lizzzzzzzzzzzzzzie xxxyeah! I can give Rach the money in London!! yayJude is amazing and will have birthday fun fun times! Lynsey says our package hasn't arrived yet. I promise I posted it in loads of time, I can track it online so hopefully it's not in the north pole.

Love you lots and lots and have such a good day... you deserve it.

LIZ BIZ JIZZJudy me love,

Soryr for the breifness of my birthday e-mail yeaterday... i got in from London at 10pm and had to drive 2 hours up north for andy's birthday ceilidh...yuk!

What did you dooooooo? Any druggie drugs? Tell me all gossip, I tried to call you last night a few times to no avail, I wanted to sing alto pleasures.

London was really fun, your sister bought me a few drinks and we discussed your amazingness at length... as promised! Also new year fun times.

I really hope you had a good day, it must have been pretty hard to be away from family and friends but I bet you powered through and got on with the party.

Lots of lame girly hugssss

Liz-bianHeeeeeeeey! Sorry for swiftn message we're about to go out... Sunday would be awesome, is that evening for you or for me?

liz bizzzzzzzzzHey bud bud,

Glad you feel a bit better! I so so wish I had seen you in that crit. I imagine it for entertainment!

New Year will be so good! How about going on the eve of 29th so I can have a climb/mountaineer on the 30th then party times on the 31st? It's cool if you'd rather go later though. I will have the car so we can really go when we wanty want want.

Whats this Mart is saying about Seb being wierd? Is he being a bit intense? I LOOOOVE YOU JOODY? Tell me more...

What is shake and bake and where can I buy it?

We went to Diwali party at Somya's last night, was fun fun. Not much gossip although Ben was being really flirty, he was wasted. He always does this, but just to wind me up almost. arg

Gies a call and I'll fill you in on the goss,

Missed you loads last niggggggght,

Lizzie xoh piss and bumholes, I thought that must have been you, I'm back on the stone age phone and it's being a gay lord. We were at a gig ehen you called the second time..... If you can't call again till the weekend can I call you? If I get a phonecard or on skype? I can call you during the day here so it's at night when you're not stressssing.

Liz-bian xHey bum breath,

I am going to attempt to call you tomorrow (your evening times) but don't worry of you're busy as a stoned bee.

Ed asked me out on a date, hahaha. Need advice.

Peace and love amigo

Liz bizyo yo yo boo boo boo you are a jizz bomb but i smell you.

Bitchin' home boy man how is the shizzle, Mart is fine, just a massive bout of PMT, she has taken to locking herself in her room watching a programme called project runway then telling me all her dreams that involver project runway.... long long dreams. She is cool though, we're gonig shopping later with all my non existent money money.

Had a real nice e-mail from Dom, will be good to see him I think. Party times.

What day does Seb get into Edinburgh at 1? You didn't specify mong chops. I can go whenever, I'm as free as a birdy bird bird.

I am in the studio right now, not doing any work as I hammered a million pints of the amber necter last night, there was a bizarre D&B night at the halt. Met a really nice history student as this party later on, he has a moustache, sexy sexy.

Miss you very muchos, come home soon.

Liz biz jizzJudy!

I am a big poo head, I was thinking 'jude hasn't replied to me in ages', then I remembered you sent this and I accidentaly ignored it. oops.

Way, hand in was yesterday, still have my assessment next week but the crit went well, we had a massive scandinavian meal with all the Danes and Swedes, I blew off loads of steam, kissed Rasmus's REALLY hot friend and had the best sleep ever, feel very happy today!

Did you hear Tanya bought Mart a ticket to go to New York on Wednesday! So jealous, I can't believe she's going just like that, I have demanded some Reese's Pieces like a spoilt brat.

Are you very uber stressed now? I send you nuggets of calm. I want you to come home sooooooon, I have become very irritable and need your chat.

Ha ha, funny times, when Seb said he was coming into Edinburgh at 1pm, I said, 'oh cool, we can just leave at 2 or 3 then' and he got a bit shifty and I didn't clock that you would be having a MASSIVE LOVE SESSION first, it got a but awkward and I said we should leave at 6 or something instead. I think he has bought some handcuffs and pvc thigh high boots (for him)

Ok amigo, peace out and good luck with smelly hand in,

Liz biz the jiz whiz xxxxxxxHO HO, MOOOODY JUDY

I think you are definitely high on white spirt or maybe just 'the spirt of wonder that comes when you get an e-mail from malcolon-meister'

Yes Photoshop would be my honour, I'll just put massive dicks everywhere on it and save over the originals... You will have to completely change you're project title to 'An investigation of the male genital form' and how much you love it.

I can prepare a mask of my face and a selection of bad jokes for lynsey to read out, it might help the pain of not being around my glorious comedy genius.

Also, I don't mind going up north on the 30th as it's my friend Kate's 21st party on the 29th and she wants me to go, but whatever suits you best, maybe it would be good to spend some time with seb before we go anyway, I don't want to be the third sad old maid wheel.

Peace and love and luck and genteel handshake

Liz biz McJizzHeyyyyyyyyy-o smear face

Keep going!! it will be done soon and you will be freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

My assesment yesterday went really well, I'm really happy with this term, yay! Had such a nice day yesterday, good assesment then came home and pimped out the kitchen and cooked me andy and robin a luverly dinner of salmon nd mashed tatties. The boiler has been completely fixed so it was all nice and warm. I got pretty pissed on red wine then had the best nights sleep in a long time, no more cold nose!!

Lidl salmon is not the sme without you though, it gave a fishy weep (what a horrible phrase)

Here's my bnk details although I might spend it all on 'gin and lidl red bull' which courtesy or Rasmus (Rach's man) has become the new party drink of choice.

Peace and Love man and good luck with mass crit intensity,

Liz Biz xxxxxxxxyes yes free ll day cll me and have silly bleurg chat,

Boo to Lyn and jess, they are just mega sketchy man and you can't let it rub off on you, but I can see how if they are the people you are hanging out most with it gets a bit intense, is lynzo just really wierd about munching? I always got that vibe off her anyway. Your're basiclly hanging out with two people who have classic girly issues with food so it must get annoying.

Well rest in peace that I am very happy and will rub my joyfulness all over you when you come home, some sort of smear of happiness is in order for the borwn-meister, 

Acid tum tum is a bad one, was it vinegar wine? we had a ROTTEN bottle from jacob's the other night and I felt vom-tastic in the morn (I say bottle, I mean two rounds of 3 for a tenner....blaaaaaaaaah)

STOP SMOKING TOO MUCH IT WILL MAKE YOU JITTERBOMB AND BUMMED

Even though you're ready to come home, make the most of you're last few weeks, do something you've not done yet etc etc (Lizzie's mum advice) You'll probably miss it lter in next term so soak it all up the noo.

I want you back sooooooooo much though, I was just blabbering to Rach for ages tonight about how amazing you are, ho ho ho, lame-o me.

Mart in in the US just now and it's nice to have a break from Sam-chat, it is a little testing!

Ok my love, keep going and remember to take a step back with lynz and jess... they are wobbly but you are STRONG!

Liz biz the jizz meister mizz xxxxxyes yes free ll day cll me and have silly bleurg chat,

Boo to Lyn and jess, they are just mega sketchy man and you can't let it rub off on you, but I can see how if they are the people you are hanging out most with it gets a bit intense, is lynzo just really wierd about munching? I always got that vibe off her anyway. Your're basiclly hanging out with two people who have classic girly issues with food so it must get annoying.

Well rest in peace that I am very happy and will rub my joyfulness all over you when you come home, some sort of smear of happiness is in order for the borwn-meister, 

Acid tum tum is a bad one, was it vinegar wine? we had a ROTTEN bottle from jacob's the other night and I felt vom-tastic in the morn (I say bottle, I mean two rounds of 3 for a tenner....blaaaaaaaaah)

STOP SMOKING TOO MUCH IT WILL MAKE YOU JITTERBOMB AND BUMMED

Even though you're ready to come home, make the most of you're last few weeks, do something you've not done yet etc etc (Lizzie's mum advice) You'll probably miss it lter in next term so soak it all up the noo.

I want you back sooooooooo much though, I was just blabbering to Rach for ages tonight about how amazing you are, ho ho ho, lame-o me.

Mart in in the US just now and it's nice to have a break from Sam-chat, it is a little testing!

Ok my love, keep going and remember to take a step back with lynz and jess... they are wobbly but you are STRONG!

Liz biz the jizz meister mizz xxxxxJUUUUUUUUUD,

Oh man, hope it's going well, just sending you a note of encouragement.

I stayed up ALL night last night with Andy finishing his architecture work, I feel cheated as I planned all my work so well then ended up doing an all nighter anyway!

LizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzieYAAAAAAAAAAAAY, well done man, big relief?

woop woop, can't wait for amusing stories, mart said something about a library stalker?

We're having an epic party tomorrow, aparantly the whole of Glasgow knows about it!

Liz Biz xxxxxxxxxxHEEEEEEEEEEY
I CANT WAIT!

Back at work today in swanky new George Street office. Feel like a grown up.

Party was a bit mental and got shut down by the police around 5, very fun though, tried to talk to my tutor about exchange in a drug addled daze the next day, amusing on retrospect!

I'm gonna go man... ah! Don't leave until early Feb though so we got ages to party on down. I think you're getting confused with Pratt though, it's not in New York, It's on Rhode Island, in between New York and Boston so I will get to go there lots.

Been reading how apparently amazing the school is which is a little scary and the student's work on their website is very very good.

I take it you're all done now man!? Are you chilling out maxing and relaxing all cool, or really ready to come home?

Can't wait to have a pint with you're ugly mug

Liz Biz xxxxI totally understand man, I hear thats what it can be like, having to leave once you've settled in. Just try to absorb stuff once you get back and don't worry too much about how you'll react. It will be strange at first, you can handle it though.

I'm driving my parents round the bend I think with my wanky art school ways, no instant coffee or strictly come dancing...

Got you a funny present this morning (a monogrammed thong with my face on it, right on the bum bit) hhhhhhhhahahahaha lizzie go crazy

Lets go to the German market for mulled wine one day, we can perve on all the Wolfgang Hot Bods.

Lizzzzzzzzzzie xOK, going on the dates is only a problem if YOU are going to beat yourself up about it. If you can go and have a nice time and flirt a little I don't really see the problem, although you probably shouldn't tell Seb.

Not telling him doesn't mean you're doing anything wrong it's just one of these things that would cause more hassle telling someone, honesty isn't always the best policy as he definitely wouldn't understand.

It isn't really a big deal at all, just don't sleep with either of them.

Are you scared that Seb is taking things too seriously and this is a way to escape a little? 

This isn't any definite advice but essentially it can be as innocent or sordid (!) as you want it, so I say go, have a few drinks and flirt a little but be careful about kissing him as you could regret it.

Get back to me amigo

Lizzzzie xnoooooooooooo, been sleeping on uncomfy chairs? I will buy you lots of pints to recover, let me know when you get back in town. If you're knackered we can just meet for one, although I'm not sure either of us have the ability to say no to number twoooooooooo,

Love biz0bianhuzzah! You must be fucking knackered!!

I didn't have bran aaaaaactually a hungover bacon roll was my cure. Gav got me pissed last night on Mexican beer... my poor tum tum.

Wooop woop, speak later

Jiz bianHey smelly,

what's with not replying to my e-mails, eh? too much valentine romping.

Andy tells me there is funny gossip... tell tell all,

Hope you're well

Lizzie xJudy two shoes!

Thanks for the message, it's nice to hear all the goings on, Marta Thomas and Mary... I have but a VERY LARGE concrete block in the imagination section of my brainoid.

I am having a really good time so far, feels like I've been away for so long already. My flat is really nice, it's off campus in the Italian Mafia district but I am told that no-one will bother me in case I am The Don's sister or something...! Roommate is cool, she works in a pizza restaurant down the street so we get free pizza every night... my head says yes, belly says no more!

The school is really amazing. Im in the library now and it's so beautiful, really peaceful place to work where I am trying to do my fucking CRS. boooooooooo.

I have been to two classes so far, the first one is a sort of environmental art class, my teacher is very clever and everyone else in the class is senior or graduated so it's pretty tough but I want to stick it out and possibly learn from making a tit of myself! The other one was a deadly boring web design class which halfway though I had to get up and say to her that I was leaving! I couldn't bear the thought of staying another hour. So I've changed that for a photography thing.

I have to take 12 credits which seems like an unmanageable amount of work right now, they expect a lot of you in each one and I want to party! 

Went to Boston with a hot Finnish man with a girlfriend but I shall lead him astray. The other exchange students are nice too, a slightly annoying girl from Bristol who studys in Edinburgh though, she talks a lot about how her work is sexual and she loves Nan Golden and porn mags. What is it about girl painters thinking they are really 'out there' by making sexy art?

Anyhooooo, It's good to tell you all my goings on, I feel really settled which is a weight off my mind. Providence is small enough to get to know. Brown Uni is very fancy and I've been invited to a English Lit frat party, but I am told it's less like American Pie and more like elbow patches and brandy.

I'm not sure I want to know more about Seb's toilet turd story! Have you nearly finished your crs?

OH GOD THE CONCRETE WALL HAS COLLAPSED..........NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.

Peace and Love to all,

Liz Jiz McBiz

ps. when is Seb's birthday again?Hahahaha, Du bist sehr dunk, Jah?

The water here has done something to my barnett... I wont stay up.

MY HAIR IS FLACID

It is a sign.

The quiff must go.I miss youuuuuuuuu,

I had to hang out with my room-mates crazy friend at the weekend, so messed in the head.

I miss pub chat with Browning face!

Also everyone here takes some sort of medication, america is strange! Probably because the doctor's get money from the drug companies to prescribe stuff. wwiiiieeeeeeerrrd.

Hope CRS went ok,

Liz Biz Jizz mc visageYaaaaaaaay thanks for a long e-mail, it's cool to know how you guys are doing.

I'm fine today, I think hormones were the culprit. I had my Photography class today, it's really good. People are sound, some very very clever students from Brown Uni, BRAINBOX and HOT!

Glad you didn't think my CRS was a pile of shite, I'm not overly pleased but I think it will pass.

You have Birrell, he is your hero baby...........
Check this out 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqHMILrKpDY&eurl=http://gsavis.com/blog/?p=441

I'm having some peeps over tonight for David Lynch, weed and beer, huzzah!

I'll keep ye posted and give my love to the crew,

Liz Biz xxxxxxxxxxxxx

Also say boo-yaa-kash-ah to yer sis.hahahahahah, photos, now!

Yeah I am sorreeeeeeee, although delayed responses are not uncommon between us my dearest Jobby Browning.

I spoke to Seb yesterday, meeting him and Richard on Thursday... will be really fun to see them! I made Seb a birthday t-shirt with a big drawing of his face on it. I hope he wears it everyday, you know it's cool to wear your own face on your clothes.

The Vineyard was amazing fun, perfect for me, just cycling around all day, going in the sea, then getting very wasted at night. so much weeeeeeed.

I'm feeling mega stressed but very happy, I can't believe it's already half way through. It's getting all sunny and warm.

I think this irish guy called Lunny fancies me. He is like the 'hot new guy' in the printing department and all the RISD girls love him. But Judith he is skinny and has brown hair and no beard. nooooooooooooo, I need viking pheromones.

I really like him as a guy, just don't fancy him (I tried). Everytime he askes me out for a coffee or lunch I invite all the other exchange students for a 'lets catch up event' hahahaha, what a tool.

My dad is coming over on Saturday, so free meals and hopefully some new shoes, my £4 Sauchiehall Street pleather wonders have disintegrated into Jesus hobo clogs.

Ok better go and be inspired at the speed of light.

Can't wait to go to the pub with you....... American beer is poo and I swear they water down the Stella.

Peace and love,

Jizzer xxYAAAAAAY, You have me larfing like a crazy farting Scottish loner as I eat my bran-tastic breakfast in the canteen.

I spent a while trying to come up with an elaborate April fools for you but then realised it was past 12pm with you. SHEIßE!

They love you too much to chuck you off, Birrell will come running (at a slower pace than the average height man) to save you. Maybe he will even tie himself to ol' Mackintosh's gates and cry as the night is long.

I miss sane girls too, I have some here but my room-mate is a bit crazy... so insecure and MEGA flaky, I like her a lot but feel like I am her counsellor half the time, roll on Judy Two Shoes!

Have a pint at the Carnarvon for me,

Jizzy lizzie xJudy two shoesssss,

Sorry been delayed response, my pop has been visiting and it's been a bit hectic.

My mum was gonna come too but she bailed at the last minute, travelling is not her strong point! I was fun seeing my Dad though, he took me for lots of yummy meals and topped me up with cashish. We went to NYC for a few days and got REALLY drunk in a dodgy bar, I fear I subjected him to hours of wanky art chat... We had seen a really good Jenny Holzer exhibit at the Whitney.

What else what else.... It was fun seeing the Gorton, we went out to a few bars in Boston but I had to catch the midnight train home so it was a bit of a 'how many beers can we drink in a few hours' kind of deal, then I JUST got the train and preceded to fall asleep next to some tramp that smelled like pee, the conductor had to wake me up in Providence... I think even the tramp was a bit scared of me.

Last weekend was an epic party weekend, went to a few really good ones and had some good coke for freeeee, these rich kids know good stuff! We had a party at my place on Friday but I had to get up at 9 to meet my Dad for some colonial museum fun... I can tell you it was not fun with a stella belly. Too much coffee and Easter Walmart insanity lead to mega grumpy Lizzie!

How was Londinium? Did you and your sis get pure wasted on Frosty Jacks and Ribena? I keep forgetting you guys are on Easter break, is it true you only have 3 weeks when you get back, insane in the membrane.

Bah I need to finish my CRS, shitey shite shite.

Ok amigo, I shall skype you soon. Missing you almost as much as the Guardian and bacon rolls.

Love Jizzernaught xxxWoop woop,

I am in one of the library booths trying to sort out the CRS with my crusty head. You cheered me up amigooooo.

I can't believe I only have 6 weeks left. Mega bummer. I wish I had more time at the end to party it up. I'm due home on the 25th May so back in Glasgow on the 26th/27th. I'm excited to see everyone but not sure I'm ready to leave yet.

This weekend is 'Spring Weekend' at Brown Uni which from what I can gather is a booze and weed extravaganza involving lots of bands/concerts etc. I hope to bag me a English Literature student with leather elbow patches and a neat moustache.

Ok I have class so better go go go, 

Say hello to sister Browning for me,

Peeeeeeeeeace,

Lizzie jizer xYay BBQ!

I had a really good weekend too, went to a HILARIOUS frat party on Friday, literally felt like I had walked into American Pie 4. They were all hairless beefcakes with togas and Bud Light. I went down very well with my unwashed clothes and can of Stella.

It was fun for a while then we went to a RISD party and I took some prescription drugs which  made me very awake... awake enough to drink waaaaaay too much booze, so Saturday was a massive write off!

I went to Mass MoCA today which is a huge gallery in upstate Massachusetts, there was a giant Sol LeWitt exhibition and lots from Simon Starling, really good day. The gallery is in the middle of nowhere in an old factory... strange but true my friend.

Just putting the finishing touches to my CRS, or 'See Your Ass' as I like to call it.

Here is something we should re-create in Central Station.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwMj3PJDxuo

Love Jizzer xxAye that'd be super awesome, I even suggested it to Seb when he was here. Hee hee 'a study'. Also he is nice and tidy which suits me!

I had quite a crazy weekend, went to a party on Friday night and basically didn't get home to my bed until 9pm on Saturday night. My room-mate met this guy who drove us to the next city at 7am, fuck knows why... anyway a long story short We had to wait in a McDonalds for 4 hours to get a bus home with no sleep, fun at first then ARRRRRRG. Not even any drugs involved!

I'm enjoying some of my classes more than others but I'm not really into the American way of doing stuff in general, way to anal smanal.

I' trying to come up with some ideas for my final project right now but it's really sunny outside and I can't be arsed.

Did you get your CRass handed in ok? I had a dream I got an A so that suits me fine... ho ho ho

What are you doing in the summer by the way? I'm going to be working in London for July and August so you should come down, especially for my birhday! Also we should go on a trip at the start of September, maybe just somewhere in Britain, road trip to Cornwall or Devon?

Got a little homesick for the first time the other day, just wanted a night out in the Glas with you guys. Can't wait for degree show.

It's hard to organise Skype because I have no internet in my flat, are you around tonight (Sun) 11pm your time?

Lizzerrrrr xxI know it seems like a huge step living together but it's not as scary as it seems maybe, we all hang out together all the time anyway?!

I just think me you Seb and Mart are way more mature about communal living, one have to realise that ones actions affect other people. I can't live in a shithole anymore, I'm too old. We're not even anal, just not squalid cave dwellers.

YES TO FRANCE! I said I would work for Rennie for all of August so early september would be amazing.

I am also freaking out about my final site project. Its so fucking hard, I have a really good site and loads of ideas but none of them fir it perfectly. Its a really cool site downtown where a homeless shelter used to be before they shipped it out of town. I have a class in an hour to present my final idea.... FOOKED!

Love to you orthodox jew(d)

LIZZARD x (I may start a thrash metal band|)I love Judy.

My class went really well, they helped me clarify my ideas, woop.

What the crap, a spaceship!?!?! Please let it have a small model of Patrick Stewart on the blueprints. Baldy McBalderson.

ps, Have you been wearing the t-shirt with Seb on it. I bet you love it.

Lizzarrrrrrd xDe La Soul, arches June 6th!Hey -o

This architect Steingruber designed buildings as an alphabet. He was insanely anal, and incredibly accurate. 

http://www.spamula.net/blog/2005/10/steingrubers_alphabet.html

Or this other really annoying desgner did a poster for a play on Broadway that Julia Roberts was in. He basically combined her face with an apartment floor plan. I'll send that image to you e-mail.

Hope it might help!

LizzardHey Juder,

Only two weeks left, eeeeeeek.

I had a really good crit today so all is dandy, the end of all this work seems in sight now and I have 4 days to get the most drunk I have ever been for the longest amount of time. woooo

How is everyone's degree show preparations? I really looking forward to the opening night, all our pals and that. I hope Andy is actually handing something in, last time I spoke to him he seemed a little lacklustre about it all!

The only guy action I have has is this wierd guy called Omer who develops my film for me, he send me a link to his blog and there is a photo of me walking to school on it, very strange. I hope he wasn't following me check it out.

http://krifartida.blogspot.com/2009_04_01_archive.html

I think me and this guy Seth in my photo class might have something going on so I'm going to get a haircut and lunge on him at our end of term party.

How are things with Sebastiaaaaaan, you tall lanky brunettes.

Should I expect a bald Arron?

Love to you big jobby brown face,

Black Sabbath Lizzard xHey man,

blarg blarg, I'm full of guilt for pissing off for so long but also happiness because I;ve sorted out the noggin and feel really settled.

I know it was kind of shitty to miss Marts exhibition but I just needed to stay. I hope she understands and I can make it up to her.

I actually really miss you guys, what are you doing tomorrow, fancy some din dins? Also pub time?

I am burnt and have albino hair, dont laugh.

Lizer jizzJoodle poodle face McTumpshie crack licker,

Sounds like fun times in the Norskland, I'm craving some white drugs soon.... too many braincells have reproduced and I almost feel like a normal normsky, Kill Them Off.

What day do you get back? I have my old bosses flat for the weekend so I could make some dinner, Jo should come too.

Yeah I can go to Glasgow-land for the rental,

Peeeeeeace,

Lizzie xdub dub dub 2 Norwegians in a club.

Omercan is giving the rent to landlord, he's not back in Turkey yet.

I miss youuuuuuu Juder. Going to Cab Vol tonight but it won't be as much fun without your flailing limbs in ma face.

Lizzard xYou come back today? Bums, I'm off to Elie with my maw for a few days bonding. Back on Tues though and I shall call you then amigo.

I miss you Brown Owl, hope you sneaked a viking in.

Lizzard xHello bum chum, I'm off to the cinema and babysitting tonight... what you up to tomorrow? Maybe we could walk from Balerno to Leith and have a picnic on the way. It's about 20km so will take us most of the day. If not tomorrow maybe Thursday? 

Elie was lovely, I had lobster...mmmmmm. Although had to ask the waitress how to eat it. Scum.

Lizzard blizzardHello Frau Browning,

Hope you are having fun in the South. Have you seen your sister yet? Hope you have a good chat with her and send her my thoughts. I got quite pissed (I didn't think so at the time) at Rachels last night and have been nursing a stubborn hangover all day. No amount of ribena can re-hydrate me.

I'm really hoping Leah doesn't turn up at the weekend as I'm not even seeing my real friends enough! Oh well, if she does I'll probably spend Sat and Sun with her in Edinburgh then bring her to Glasgow on Monday morning for dinner in the flat etc.

PEACE OVER THE ETHER,

Lizzie xxHey Judder,

Leah postponed her flight to today so she's getting into London tonight and getting a train up tomorrow so I will wait for her here then drive through tomorrow.

Hope you have recovered from London, I'm trying desperately to get my introduction done before she arrives but it's sooooo much harder than I expected.

Anyway I'll call you and let you know where we're at, might stay an extra night through here.

Also you have to be nice to her, I don't want her crying when you tell her fairies don't exist...

Peace and love,

Lizzrd xHah ha sounds funny, was Seb scared?

Hope you're notes were found. Me and Leah are coming through about 5pm, can you have haggis dinner with us around 7.30/8pm?

I miss hanging out with you too much Browning. You have good taste.

Lizzie xHello,

How was the party? 

I ended up coming home on Saturday once my cousin had left, I had a really bad tutorial on Friday and am feeling pretty shit about school. A combination between me doing bad work and my tutor not getting what I was on about.

It's been really disruptive having people to stay so much and just generally not coping very well. So I came home to get a break and do some work.

Sorry to be such a bummer recently I don't know what's up with me really, maybe once I get a routine again and start actually producing stuff.

I'm going back on Wednesday morning so, then essay essay essay until your birthday.

Hope yours is going well... I am drinking too much tea and biscuits as an excuse to stop

I wish I lived in a bothy. 

Lizzard xThanks Jude, I'm fine really... I think I just get a bit needy when I'm stressed. Attractive qualities, no? 

I'm going back in the morning now, my Dad can give me a lift then so will look forward to your return.

Long lost memories of drinking Deuchars and watching Sexy Beast is getting me through.... one day soon these adventures will resume.

Good Luck!

Lizzard xxxxxHello m'judie,

Have a Fantastic Frenchie time, I got Russell and Bromley brogues yaaaaaaaaas and some whiskey we can drink in Spean. Omercan's just on his way over with my brother then the boozing ccan commonce,

Lots of love to you and the rest of the brownings,

Liz BIZ jIZZ XOh No!! Oh no gogsy! Oh dear oh dear poor mr browning! Mother browning is always right I see.

Yes we should convene on the telephone, I miss your smelly face.
I am feeling quite rough, me donny and omercan went to... wait for it...BIDDY MULLIGANS last night until 3am, only pub open in town hahahaha.  It was fun though, I need my boxing day mega breakfast to cure the salt deposits.

Give your Dad wishes of pain free night-times and tell him to drink whiskey through the pain? Might enduce crazy pain killer hallucinations, maybe not.

Peace and love,

LizzardxHey Jude just wondering where you and Seb were aboot? xYO YO,

No I am fully prepared to pay my share, we can chat when you get back.

Well done on the fags, you can borrow my bike while I am in Holland, I found that doing some exercise helps with quitting because you feel like you have big balloon lungs and you don't want to accept the crisp packet lungs back.

No mountains yet, just bumming in Edinburgh making bread with my dying cat and watching the whole catalogue of talks on TED.com, not a bad life! There may be whiskey involved too...

Missing you, say hello to Seb and your Paw too,

Lizzard xHelooo,

Just got back form drunken night in a bothy with Emily, Charlotte and Eve, pukey puke puke.

19 Lockharton Avenue
EH14 1AY

Hope you're still having fuuuuun,

Lizzie xHeloooo,

Yeah I had such a fun night, so glad I came through. Felt mega rough on the plane though, boggin.

Just finished first day, it's really cool but they are technical wizards and I feel like a bit of a wally but early days.

Woke up this morning to a confessional e-mail from Jamie... weird start to my first day. Also... couldn't he have said it to my face? The basic gist was 'I really like you but it's too late now' .strange.

Speak soon and I will miss you bum chum,

Lizzie xxHAHAHAH, get squeezy. Squeezy Cheezy Peaz.

I also miss you, especially to comfort me when I get drunk and make a tit of myself (Saturday).

On a far more intellectual level, I saw this yesterday and thought of you. It is rather weird. 

http://www.ubu.com/sound/baudrillard.html

I am back on 23rd, although have a family party that night but after that Browning you cannot escape my advances.

You have any plans for NY?

lIZZARD XI know, can't waitttt! I have a family party on Thursday eve which I should go to, maybe come to Krish's things after, but I might be sleepy as my flight quite early Thursday morning. I am going to sleep in the studio tomorrow night because all the trams re fucked up here and I need to get to Schiphol on time!

I aslo have a birthday/Christmas gift for you ( how generous I am I?) So we must convene, maybe Xmas eve for a drink, or Xmas day itself??? EXXXXMASS. Will Mr Kalvik be there too? 

I reeeeeeeeeally need a holiday now, been 4months non-stop and I miss you, almost as much as I miss Simply Red.

Lizzard McBagpipe-a-Scotland-a-jig xxayeeeeeee, dit is goede!

i will bring you a little serbian refugee and a gift.

liz biz xxxxYes, I have gone beyond booze blues to 100% booze dependency so definitely want to drink today.

I'm going for an early tea and then to see Colin Farell smarm away in 'The King's Speech' so will come after, should be finished by 9, I'm using my mum's phone so will be contactable on 07855509845, I know your number off by heart as I sing myself to sleep at night... see you later!no I am freaking out biggggg time. I jut got home and drank almost half a bottle of whisky to calm down. Everything seems better now and the morning feel far away. Thank you booze and fags.

oops.Hoi Lieke,

Dan zei gisteren avond dat je misschein een kaartje voor Lowlands over hebt.

Ik zou graag dit kaartje van je kopen, als nog beschikbaar is!

LizzieMooi! dank je!

ja, ik ben er bezig het te leren maar Ik ben nog steeds te langzaam voor een normale conversatie. Maar elke dag beter… :)

LizzieHey Lieke, Dan gave me your details for Lowlands. Hope you received the money ok. Give me a shout if you didn't, I'm looking forward to it already! Lizzieoh shit sorry - just saw this.

Glad you could join last nightHi Jessica, thanks again for coming, we had a brilliant weekend, now recovering on the sofa!The London curry restaurant I was talking about  is Tayyabshttp://www.tayyabs.co.uk/supposed to be worth the queue!Hope you and Julian have a blast, L&D xxwoooooooooooooooooooooplay some spice girlsit's my favebut they are so current...ho hochecking...i should get a pogo stickhttp://www.google.nl/imgres?imgurl=http://accordingtozickaniah.kcbt.org/files/2011/04/pogo-stick.jpg&imgrefurl=http://accordingtozickaniah.kcbt.org/&usg=__pfmRkgDkDJxBAY5FyJCp9v6_3Eo=&h=400&w=286&sz=24&hl=nl&start=0&sig2=guU41XJ9nNoh-yeFT5Cxvw&zoom=1&tbnid=QJmx2rhDiXTBdM:&tbnh=134&tbnw=96&ei=SbXJTez1JdGKswby9PjMAw&prev=/search%3Fq%3Dpogo%2Bstick%26hl%3Dnl%26biw%3D1819%26bih%3D958%26tbm%3Disch&itbs=1&iact=hc&vpx=559&vpy=49&dur=604&hovh=266&hovw=190&tx=85&ty=147&page=1&ndsp=78&ved=1t:429,r:3,s:0wow, longest url everi always wanted a strong backunfortunately no smokes though...yeah i always plan that, ok, welterusten and we should watch an episode of that show + beer tomorrow, like real americanshave a wanksorry that was grossi know lots of cool thingslike did you know that  your intestine is the only organ that can continue working when not connected to your brain...foto museum?why don't you come and chat to Annie and lars? ;)i just get back from the beeeeeeeeeeachwhat is?get on your bikego commandowhere your brother has been beforedaaaaaaaaan, could you be my messenger to Ronald to explain that I need proof that he owns the house? THANKS A MILLION. ps I will buy you a beer - come by the studio tomorrow 6pm :)going to to the bioscoop!ja - pinayum yumhow was biking?was it hard?ouch - how long did it take?sore legs?yup!ok better leave - tot leterlaterI'm up for canceling the party!yo yoat work againnnnnnnwhat did christoph sayyeah - I don't mind either way but I'm jsut so busy I can't really be botheredlets speak tonight over a beeriook you big nerdzzzzzkfgheljvgqefhekqveqrgvjHey Daan,

Could you send me Ronalds number? I REALLY have to sign in now and I definitely need Ronald's proof of occupancy -check here

http://en.denhaag.nl/en/residents/to/Proof-of-Occupancy.htm

THANKS BRO,

Lizzie xI'll try but not sure how likely.. :(Daaaaan, if you have time could you call Ronald today? Or tomorrow, It would just help if more than one of us call him to hassle about this proof of ownership thing. THANKS!Ronald van der Wulp
Rijksstraatweg 267
3956 CP Leersum

joehoeyoohoohey nope i'm at werkhey hey - no sorry in the studioi met roy - he seems really coolstudying at the conservatorywho else is there?noooooo!hmmmmmnot meewwwwwi think roy was sleeping in therenope sorry no ideai texted him but no replydaaaaanif you find a 3 bedroom apartment - take me and tobi with youi heard about the letterfuckersyeah - i need a lock on my doori have been working super late this weekbut lets hang at the weekend or somethingAnnies mum is hereoh no - sorry i am at work already'sup y'allooooh nodrink a bloody marycome to the lecture though - you can drink a sinaasappelsapoh thats cooleh it's about Germany and Nazis and architecturethe italian and mattais have dinner together nowsuper weirdha - oh dearI KNOW!yup it's super pathetic - he was talking about his friend who has 'a high up position' in HongKong, and how he doesn't care because he is happy where he iswhich I don't believe AT ALLurg - I don't like that he has started using the kitchengeeeezok I better get back to writing the codescome tonight, ja ja jaboooo - well ok I'll see you at homewith beerzAre you guys having an exhibition on 11th? I'll be there amigo,

Lizzzziejoe joe joe! what is your email address?I'm there. I get back from the land of Dutch that very day, so look forward to some good scottish boozing.

Peaaaaaaaace,

LizzieI'll be @ mortons too... and would like to come on 22nd Karen Ormey :)Dan is coming over and we're going to Glasgae - you?8 is gr8hoi hoi, how's it hangin'?swallowed by the internets?yup! I have quite a few things to catch up with and don't want to wait until the morning, but routine must be established i guessyou in on tuesday?yeah me too, I want to get started with ressapiens again if we are going to do this installation in londonanyhoo we can bash heads together on tues, also for IOMturn in to our favour this timei-o-whatin the words of home improvement --- i have no ideaha ha, i couldn't think of the onomatopoeia for thatanyhooo, better get some sleep, see you on Tuesdayzzzpeeeeeeeeeeeeacedooieawesommmmmmmmmmmeyo yo - yeah jut got homeyeah it was nice - saw some good theare and comedy at the festival. 

Although - looking forward to working again!good week so far?woop woop!when do you move in?you can have a painting party - then everyone will get drunk and make a bad job.ho hominimal or minimalist...ART JOKEor make a plotter to do it for you...?plott-botok - i'd better go off to sleep - tot morgendooieeeeeeeeeeeeeemeowha - no but I'm still avoiding neighbours!i already blamed most of it on daan ;)he said it was all the 'hipsters' faultknobswatch sex and the citylol catz?your scene is dead...yay :)box of stuffEDDDDDDDDWWWWWWWIIIIIINNNeddy! What was the brand name of that switchable privacy glass we used at LUST a few times?oh yeah, thanks!(image reference: messages/photos/10154989414988573.jpg)btw – is this you?:)hahaha - looks like you!oh dear, no worries! But I got too spooked so went home too - it was soooo dark. I think because of the clouds there was no mr moon.I'm going again on Thursday with Bart from Resolume if you feel like it?Meet me @ 3pm? Liz bizyo yo,
Does anyone know Ronald's address?
HAPPY FRIDAY MENSEN

LizzieyumI'm inyum - I'll be thereI giggled OUT LOUD.I'm really sorry to hear about your Grandad, don't spend a second worrying about the project, although you will be missed in our 'amazing' group! Just take it easy and spend time with the family, I'll make a cardboard cut out of you so we can feel your presence!

Take care,

Lizzie xDon't worry abot it! It's going really well actually, i think it is going to be fun. We've decided on a stop motion animation on an abacus. We thought it would be a good way to get something across in 60 seconds without over complicating things, but we'll explain all on Monday.

Anyway as I said, don't worry about it, we wont have started filming by Monday anyways.

Hope you're feeling ok

Lizzie xxhi, yes it is malcolm.elisabeth@gmail.comHey Ivor, Marc – thanks for the tip on the bear spray... I have to say it's basically my only concern! Although, as they say, I only have to outrun my husband – not the bear :)Will let you know what it's like – I think the Washinton section will be a lot quieter than California – we didn't get permits for Yosemiteoh how i miss your kind words richard! I'm driving through on thursday for a few days at hame. So would like to see you and Mikey over the weekend, I'll gie you a texty...how many jobs you got now? Enough to buy a poor art student a pint I hope....Hey rich, thanks for the invite, sounds great! Let me figure out the dates, I might actually be on Scotland then for work which is handy. Enjoy NY, nice choiceDrawings were really good, I'm not sure the pigeon idea was my favourite though... made me wanna draw loads, got any more?

Hope your tutorial went well,

You coming over tomorrow night? it's dom's birthday bash,

Lizzzzzzzzzzzie xHappy birthday bud... will be on an epic travel home tomorrow so sending this early. My airline went bust so goota fly home from seattle. Have a gutes one!

Lizzie xIt was laced with heroin i picked up in Van so hope you had a good trip! 

I'm back in Glas a week today, gotta go back and work for a week to earn some of the pennies I spent in Canada... silly money careless Lizzie.

Cup o' tea sound barry, I'll gie you a call.

Peace, Lizzie xyeah, i thought Amsterdam might be better, but don't want to spend money commuting really... I'm moving at the end of August, not too far from Berlin. I intend on visiting you and Bubble and Andy, huzzah old chum,

Thanks for your sisters e-mail. I send her loads of embarrassing stories about you.

Lizzie xyo bin man ben,

are you going to sam's wedding in feb?

hope so!

dooie, 

lizzieya ya, I get in on the 3rd - whoopeeyeah it was fun but I wish I'd seen Sam a bit more, it was all quite hectic!

Peeeeeace,

Lizzieja alles goed!

Drop me an e-mail at lizzie@lustlab.net - I don't like the book of face.

Liz BizzzzOh nooooooooo! I will be in London. Bad planning! Ok, well have an super duper Xmas, meneer lucraft.No worries, it was a great impromptu visit, made me quite nostalgic for Glasgow! We'd definitely like to make it over to Copenhagen soon... also, what was the name of that furniture guy? I want to make a picnic table this week! Lizziesweet, thanks!:)BEN! What are you doing for New Year? Wanna come to a wonderful house in the highlands with a bunch of people? Sam and Piper are also joining... there is so far 12 of us. http://shinnesslodge.co.uk160 bucks each :)zing!Robin!

How were your festive times? Lots of egg nog?

We miss you back here, it's nice to have Jude back but the weather is sooooo bad that all I want to do is drink too much and never leave the house, a bad sign I feel.

I'm just getting all my stuff together for exchange, I leave in 3 weeks so have a crap load of things to organise. boo. 

We got the electricity bill in and it works out at £30 for the months you were here, not sure how you want to send it... over the internet, or a cheque maybe? I will accept poetry of a high standard as a currency also.

Ho ho ho,

Let me know how the tunes are going too, I'd like to hear the ones you wrote while in Sunny Glasgow,

Peace and Love

Liz Biz xI hope you can... just found out I got into Rhode Island...arg! America here comes LizzieHello o smelly one,

Sorry have no money in walkie talkie, I really want to see you... my flatmate from America is coming on Sat (although she is very unreliable) so will be busy with her untill thursday, aaaaaaaaaaaaah. I have no idea how I'll get any of my work done.

But I'll be taking her around Glasgow so let me know what you doing and I will too. peace and love

Lizzie xxDonnnnnny, I'm going to have to cancel Lunch, makes me sad.

I have a meeting from 12-2, when ar eyou back in Scotland. I really want to hang out sooon,

Have fun in Manchesterino, don't take too many drug lords,

Love you,

Lizzard xI know, I feel like a freaking hermit... I started pulling out my eyebrow hairs while I'm reading which is my stress indicator, gross! I don't even notice I'm donig it!

I have ANOTHER guest, my cousin, coming on Thursday so she's taking me out to dinner but I'd love her to come and meet you guys after so Ivy or any pub would be great.

Hope you get the jobby!

Lizzard xxxWaaaaaaaaaaah, How I wish so much I could join in but really there is no way. I am already chained to my computer in your old library and I need all the cognital power I can get. I thought I could come round for a drink later but maybe if you're all high on shrooms It'd be a bad idea!?

I'll call you when I'm done here,

Lizzard xxHello my friend,

How have you beennnn? I feel like I've seen Andy and Donald loads but not you... then I remembered you have a job and they don't!

I hope Andy hasn't kept you awake too much with Danny, this weekend will certainly have Andy 'out of condition'. Do you have any days off this week? I'm going to drive up North if you want some snae-boarding action.

Peace and love,

Lizzardxxxx

Oh and can you get DOOOOONald to check his Facebook e-mails, I've sent him one about going climbing.Hello Donny,

How was your trip? My wine was lovely, yum yum.

I've asked Donald to help me with a bit of filming this week sometime, do you have any days off and you could come too? It will only take 10mins and I will buy you coffee/lunch!

Love to you,

Liz Biz xHelooo, Yeah I am home to vote in the morning then coming back through early, are you staying there for the night or coming back through?

Liz Biz xThank you for my birthday, I had aloverly time. 

I just wasted E11 about Dave McLeod and the interviews with his wife were so funny, he is waaaaaay to like Donald!!!

Ho ho, also psyched about BOOM TOWWWWN,

Peace,
Lizzie xxwaffle and a bong?

Helooooo, yes yes having mega funs. I really like it here, I have a nice flat at the beach, a racing bike (25€) and the job is really good. The only problem is I really really want them to give me a real job after!

I am actually quite hungover today, they took me out to get really drunk last night, bleaurggg. Too many grolshy in the belly.

Yes the food here is yum yum too, I have taken to buying dim sum on the way home from work because I can't be arsed cooking for one!

I wish you were here toooooo,

Love Lizbian

ps. Jamie sent me quite a heavy e-mail the day I left...HELOOOOO!
That sounds amazing my friend, is will be warm and nice and you won't be made to do any winter climbing!

I am looking at flights now for Berlin fun times, that would be great to all meet up there.

Yeah I also feel guilty for being mean about Jamie, I think it is probably because I fancy him and confused about my feelings, playground tactics!

Im still loving The Netherlands, it's muchos fun. I went to Belgium the other day too, they are sooooooooo good at bakery goods. I seriously indulged in waffle glut! 

I'm glad to hear about Charlottle and Pete getting back together, but sad about Emily and Thom, is he really sad?

Miss you as much as not having lemon and sugar on pancakes, actually more than that.

Lizzieeeee x

PS, give my love to Dumby DonYeah, well at least until July 2011 for now, crazy man!

I am so sad that I will not see you over Christmas though! You should definitely come and visit me when you get back, so exciting going to Guats. I admit I was surprised of its location when I looked it up on a map. I though it was way South not up near Mexico. Will it be warm?

I can't make it to berlin next weekend, travel was way to expensive when I looked into it. It's also 6hours on the train so I'd have to take a day off work I reckon, I am super sad that I won't see you all. booooooo

I miss my mountains and my friends, but other than that all is swimmingly super!

Love to you and DONDON,

Lizzie xxxxhttp://lizziemalcolm.com/donny.htmlSounds amaaaazing, shall we plan a trip!!! I want an awesome summer holiday too, even if it is just getting the whole crew together to a house in the highlands, or reiff!

Lovely to hear you're having a good time. I have a lovely new apartment where I can smoke and drink and play loud music, huzzah!

Peeeeeeeeeace,

Lizzie xxDON DON!

Yeah I spoke to Andy this week and he told me, It's sad I guess but times change people along with it, it could be strange seeing each other again but i'm sure you both know what's best for each other in the situation. But advice aside, I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU! 

I am only home for two days so I thought I could combine a dinner with you andy, bubble and my folks, ie, they provide the wine and food and we indulge in their middle class standards, huzzah!!!

It seems like you are in a really good place after your trip, it might be hard to come home but you've dealt with that before. Hopefully I can distract you with shiny objects and beer,

Love to you Don Don McFanny Face,

Lizzard xxhey fanny bum bum, can you tell me bubbles phone number?so fun! destroyed all mountain health though!i just got back to Hooolandhow was glasgow?i lost him on fridayjude described him as 'my shadow'but he never has the balls to do anything about it so I'm over itsort of, but then we were supposed to go to a party and i lost himi was very grumpy about that!not properly, DAAAAAAMN!soon i will trap himFOREVER(or something less creepy)i had so much fun up northmental cuillin monstersgoing down stairs?yeah i've definitely done that, it will go awaya week or soi don't want to go to work tomorrrrrrrrowweep!yeah summer time suuuuuuux:)yeah thanks! twas a good daywas spain fun?dooooonyi'm coming back 19th august for a weekwanna go hiking for a day or 2?yes yes yes!in the festival?well on the cycling front - you should come and visit me anytime. I have a road bike and I can borrow one from a friend for you! DO IT!we can bike to The Ardenne in Belgiumcool job2 days... there and 2 back i guess, but there are a million different routes we can take - we could also go to North Holland and bike the islandsi got clippy shoes :)yeah it's still good in octoberyeah the shoes are awesomeit's only weird for about an hourthen you love ityeah it wis fun fun fun - good night out with too much booozeyI'm in the UK right noooow by the waybut in newcastlefor BORING weddingwhich was BORINGmy cousin - yeah coming late tonightwhat areyou doing tonight?flying tomorrow morning :(i <3 emoticonsNOThaving sunday lunch then up - maybe 9pm? i'll call you when i arrive and see if you're still up?yay!ok speak later you bumdonny you bum cheese - i'll be on my mums phone 07855509845, the festival has started, shall we go to udderbelly? 9.30pm?where did your wall go?? anyway - saw this and thought of you
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCzPNSV3GrIit's not that you look like her - it's the lyric "I've got a crumble in the oven - would you like some.." i know you would ask me :)yeah! is it the show called "hot tub with Kirsten..."buying now!come whenever amigo! always welcome! ps - I'm dating a PhD student... wooooyeah either is good for me, you should come on the friday then come straight to the pub for Friday beers! yus yus :)hahaha, i get in from Berlin at 7pm so I can just wait at the airport for youuuuu, I am teaching at the art school there for a week. Perfect timing!Canny wait!

i sent you an e-mailio this morning, my flight gets in at 18.40 to schipholl from Berlin, what time does yours arrive?

I can either wait at the airport or meet you at the station in Den Haag. It's easy to get a train there from inside the station.

I would like Scottish Blend teaaaaa!
Liz Biz xding donny it was so fun to see you last night, did you go up north? If not lets have a chill together.

Liz Biz xYAAAAAAAAAAAAS! This is amzing Donny It made me very happy happy :)sounds like a blast amigo - what is the 'byob foodstuffs' is it a hip restaurant or literally go round to someones house with a bag 'o food?

LizzieHey poo head
dinner or drink tomorrow?Going early tomorrow morn :( I'm going out with my family for dinner but might be able to come out after.... ! Liz biZzzAyeeeedonnnneeee!!!Would you like to spend New Year in this wonderful house in the highlands? http://www.shinnesslodge.co.uk/ You are of course welcome to bring a few people... it would be 150 bucks each for a week.... DO IT!!!!There is room fro 12 and I currently have 8 peopleAndy and Bubble might come too :)Donneeee..... what is your current email btw? Are you in London now? Liz biz xI'll be in Edinburgh from 19th... see you then?Donny! Bit of an out of the blue request but do you know anyone in edinburgh we could get some *pills* from? New year! Hope you had a good Christmas bum face, lizzZzzie xxDonny! Are you in London tonight? I am!Hey Donny, long time no speaaaak. But I have some exciting news, Dan and I are getting married  crazy, right? Hope you are jolly well and goodin a candlelit cabin! No engagement ring though, he made a good call and we're going to spend money on a trip instead. Pretty razy right? I'm going to be a wife! Hope you can make it up for the wedding... probs May/JuneHi hi hi, what time do you finish work?Hey guys, yeah I think he wondered who was staring and waving! We are leaving tomorrow and actually have a pretty jam packed schedule because we are here with Dan's students on a trip. Would be great to grab a drink next time!Hi Lynsey,

Sorry at my tardy response, it's been pretty hectic here and i got distracted.

I'm up for helping out with web stuff over Easter. I'm in Berlin for a week from this Sunday but after that I'll be in Edinburgh for a few days and could come in to talk about it.

Hope that's some help

Lizzie xHi Viola, I have a friend who wants Dekmantel tickets, can he give you a call?ah!oopsyeah good! We should all have beers at de pass soonyes!from 9pm, pizzza oven too!ther is some more info in the eventViola! Can you keep my news about Yale a secret? We don't want our clients finding out and getting freaked out! Thank youthanks!oh no! we leave on the 16th!not back until Sunday! Next week?Oh shit sorry, we have Kai and Susana coming for dinner. Are you going to this "Sexyland" KABK thing in Adam tomorrow?Boyd and Jakob and Dora and for sure goingWe are going to decide tomorrow afternoon, depending on how cold and rainy it is!paas tonight?or women's march tomorrow in Adambah! ok but soon though!wow, nice! Lets go for next fridayThanks!Milano Sushi Coca!New favorite songYeah Dan showed me, I'm walking around NY singing it in my headSometimes out loudyeah, are you coming too?finally we can have a ?of courseit starts at 19:30, so I guess we'll get the train around 19:00I'll probably go straight from KABk because I've got a busy day tomorrowcoool beans, I'll message you tomorrowHey! We are in London unfortunately, the next weekend?For a beer/dinnerarrrrrgSunday afternoon beer maybe?cool cool, will message you on Sunday, have fun in BCNVIOLA! Maybe you heard already, we have big news (not a baby). We've decided to move to Glasgow in the summer, which is exciting but also sad that we are leaving NL! 

This means a few things:
1. Big goodbye party at the end of June
2. Someone can take over our house

Can you ask the rest of the LUSTy people if they might want it? I already told Thomas C, I think he wants to keep it in the LUST family :)no we want to get rid of almost everything!yes, let's have a beer soon. I am away for the next 3 weekends in a row! but how about during the week next week?tell Edwin too!Yes! Viola is always the source of my dodgy italian musichere's some Glasgow Grimehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZOAzbH8tdUI'd love to know if you can understand one word of iti think there is even subtitles, I can barely understand it!how are you guys? How is it at RNDR?We want you guys to visit!The trip to Seoul looked incredible, and nice project too, you guys are all making great work together. But I also totally understand that you would want to have your own thing too – I always feel a bit like that – I like to go off and think about something with some space!

I wrote a letter to Dimi a few weeks ago, Boyd told me in Berlin that it is going quickly, but I didn't realise it would be this soon. It's hard to really understand that he is dying... so sad.

We've been working the past few days on our new website, do you want a sneak peak? ;)http://rectangle.design/dev/hey hey, thanks! Yes the project is public 
http://extension.make.works/
But it only really works in the UK right now. You can set your postcode to G41 2PN in the plugin if you want to test!but actually, good point, we should put a warning there if outside the ukyeah especially the local make spaces is only really england and scotland, because the data comes from http://make.worksThanks for the feedback! We should get money from Mozilla to improve it – it was a really small project to starthey! thanksah cool, we're going to make a platform with our other sound experiments, so keep a look out!

We're using the Kinect a lot too,

LizzieHi Diane,

How Tricks?

I'm enjoying life living in Holland, job is quite stressful but very stimulating. I'm off to Milan next week as we have an exhibition so it's super busy right now. Luckily some friends visited last week and brought me a bottle of Glenfiddich to help with the long days, but don't tell mum about the fags and booze!

How's michael getting on? He must be well into high school now, makes me feel old when I think of when he was born.

All the best to you, Gordon and Michael,

Elisabeth xHi Diane! Happy 50th! Hope you have a good day and see you in July ;)Thanks Diane! We had a great day – we're actually back in Scotland now so hopefully see you sono!* soonMerry Christmas Diane!Hi Wai Ming,

The room sounds perfect, I like to take it if it is still available!

Could you send me the address so I can see where it is in relation to my work?

Thanks

LizzieAh well to only problem is that I am in Scotland until I move to The Hague so I couldn't come in person to view the room.

Is that a problem for you? I understand if your flat mates would like to know a bit more about me first!

Perhaps you could just send me a photograph? Also, is there a minimum number of months I would have to agree to? Right now I can only guarantee that I will be there for 3 months, although it is likely to be more.

Thanks again,

LizzieSure I understand what you mean,

I really do like the room and would be happy to come over before the 1st September to sign the contract. Although I wouldn't want to come too early, maybe the 27th August, I could come then with the deposit and first months rent?

With your flatmates, anything they want to know they an ask me. I'm into art, design. climbing and cooking, no strange habits and not messy! I understand it is easier for you to get someone that they can meet but I promise I'm not a psycho!

Bart mentioned you were moving to London, if you need any help finding a place there I know quite a few people there.

Thanks,

LizzieHi Wai Ming,

I just wanted to know if you had made any decisions about the room?

I need to keep looking if you have already found someone else.

Hope you're well,

Lizziewaaaaaaaa! sorry for the 12 hour lateness, hope you had a good day and don't feel too fragile this morning :)

speak soon,

Libs xHey morven, my mum told me you got a fancy new job at the BBC, congrats!We'll be back in June when Dan's parents are over for the big meet and greet... no doubt there will be a big family dinner. But we're also going to spend our summer holidays in the Highlands with a few days in Glasgow so would be good to see you and James sans Mum & Dad... !HA, we both lolled!swashbucklingHey Sophie-Louise Pia,

Hows it hanging? you going to be in London in the summer, I'm on exchange in the States right now but working in London come sunny weather.

We should meet for a drink,

Hope you're good

LizzieHey Rachel,

How's it hanging? Feels like a long time ago since I was living in Rhode Island, I hope everything is grand over there, and you have returned to the Basketball hall of fame.

Anyway... I have a friend a few years below me at Glasgow School of Art who is coming for Fall Semester and she's having some trouble looking for a room.

I was hoping you could keep your ears peeled (if that is an expression) for people looking for a roommate. She's a film major and a good laugh with no strange habits.

As a thank you I will write you a haiku.

Peace,

LizzieThat sounds perfect for her, I've told her so she should get in contact with you later on today.

Nice one and thanks!

LizzieSorry for my slow reply... I am more than sure that won't be a problem, more like a blessing!

Peace,

Lizziehey Kay,

Did you disable the uploading for now? It's maybe a good idea, I can help you limit the number of requests if you like.

Lizzieah yes, I see, that was probably it. I'll be at school later yes,hello Anton, I found this images online:
https://zim2687.deviantart.com/art/Deep-Sea-363524801

I work for a small design studio in The Netherlands. We would love to use the image on a poster we are designing for an academic conference in England.

Do you have a high resolution version of the image that we could licence from you?

Thank you so muchElisabeth Malcolm
malcolm.elisabeth@googlemail.comMikey that message made me laugh so much. 'eye eye'

Sorry to hear about your laptop though!
No worries about pics,

Hopefully see you about in the nest few weeks,

Lizzieyoooooosomeone had toglad it was youwhats happnin in LANDAN mate?yeah but everyone else in the studio is away on holiday... boring.it's all good, might be over to london for a project in October - should get the GSA lot out for debaucheryyo yo, yeah couldn't get the time off, was it a blast?hahayeah, I hope to be in London soon, we should grab a pintyou still in touch with katie and max etc?Lads hoose!are they all married up?waah, got to go (i'm going to watch the football in some shitty Irish pub)Say hey to Max for you and I'll give you a should when I'm in the big smoke, should be September time*for medank je wel! speak laterpissed myself at that oprah thinglow humour thresholdHey dude,

when you back in the schottland? We've been having party times already!

Liz-boHeloooo Richard, do you think you'll have any time next week to help me with some music for my film? I just want it to be really minimal so shouldn't take ages. I will provide beer! Peace, lIZZIERIIIICH,

Hey man, how's the final push going? I have faith that this will be an awesome degree show. I already booked the time off work to come back for it, woop woop.

I mentioned your gun project to someone the other day and they were totally interested, do you have a link for the guy you had the live conference with? 

Hope all is well,

Lizzard xxCheers, it is far out there!

Yeah all is great here, job is demanding but super fun. Will be nice to see some Glasgow folk this week, 10 in a bed?

Yeah I'm getting quite deep into arduino, especially for wireless communication. It's just a case of arsing around until you get stuff to work, well that is my method! It's good to learn Processing alongside as you can use them together a lot. If you get to a dead end feel free to ask and Ill give my two cents...

Good luck with the next few months, we'll drink a biertje in your honour this week,

Lizzard xSuuuuup Rich,

I was in Glasgow last week but I missed you - it was quite a short trip actually but I did get to see Mart for the first time in 2 years - she's as bonkers as ever!

Anyway - I was talking to Maeve and she said you were going away for the festive period. I'm coming to Glasgow for New Year with my boyfriend Dan (a fellow American) and we're looking for somewhere to stay that is not as bleak and depressing as a Glaswegian Travel Inn.

Would you be interested in lending us your place for 3 nights? Of course we would reimburse you for the favour - I was thinking £200?

Don't worry if you've got other plans.

Peeeeeace Out,

LizzardYo yo,

Thanks for getting back - that sounds cool, I'll just contact you nearer the time to find out if the house is free.

And no parties! I'd rather make a mess somewhere else, I've done enough party clean-ups for one lifetime.

Speak soon and have a nice time in US.

btw, I hear you and Sam are making some nice tunes - anywhere I can take a listen?

Peeeace,

LizzieYou read my mind - I was about to contact you to see if it was still cool. We're coming to Glasgow on the 31st for 2 nights.

Have a good trip and thanks again!

LizieRicky Ricky Ricky! Dan and I are coming over for another workshop @ GSA this month.... would you be willing to let us stay at your place? We would of course take you out for dinner to Mother India...No worries if you have no room at the inn, we would be there the night of 21st and 2ndHope you are well!LizzieOh yeah, I typz bad. It's 21st and 22rd of October... it would be awesome if we could stay at yours... we can pick up the keys from someone... Marta? Maeve? Joe (he's very reliable I hear).Seb said you were in France recently with Golden Teacher.... fun?Awesome, wanna come for dinner on 22nd?awesome, thanks. We can always get a drink later if you don't make it in time for dinnerAh bummer! Yeah we leave tomorrow morning unfortunately. Come to den haag soon? I will try drop your keys back with Julia, or Maeve? Thanks so much for letting us stay! It was awesome to have a place to get a good nights sleep.No didn't hear from him actually but someone told me he was gonna hang out with Lawrence wiener all day! I couldn't get back in touch with Julia or Maeve to give her the keys so we will lock the flat and post the keys in the letterbox like last time. I really hope you have your own set with you....?! LizzieHey Rich... was this spam? Even if it was... hope you are well too!great! Come and visit...!Will you be in Scotland for NY this year?hey rich! what's your e-mail address? This isn't spam btw ;)ta!ah ha! yes, that's actually why I wanted your email...hope you can make it on 2nd July, ceilidh in Edinburghgreat! do you know if you'll be in Glasgow for NY yet? Dan and I are coming with 2 friendshope to see youwow, Tobago... not too shabby!well, remember you can always come and hang here tooyo rich, what's your postal address for some snail mail...thanks! imagine using the real postal service?!Richy Rich! what are the happs?
Dan and I are about to embark on building a pizza oven in our garden, do you have any tips from when you made one in Glasgow?Bricks and clay, but lots of tutorials I have found are a bit too fancy, do you remember the source of your info?Richie rich! Are you coming to the wedding? Maybe you already rsvpd.... I've not been the most organised at recording themgreat!talking of post, I better mail my ballot paper today!FRIENDS! I am renting this house near Lairg for New Year this year with some colleagues and hopefully Andy & Bubble... You guys wanna come too!? http://shinnesslodge.co.uk/weeeeee!Yeah, life is great... in our new studio now which is fun, although with great power comes great responsibility...how about you?cool! Can we come and visit?Oh man that would be so great! Gotta earn a bunch I money first!(image reference: messages/stickers/369239263222822.png)yo fred - if you're in Den Haag today, come to De Pass at 6 for birthday drinks! Lizziecool, yeah i want to go soon, way better than -s'Gravensage!'s- Gravenhagecome back for our party!!!yeah, back in NLnever mind - we should hang out in berlin soon - I want to visit again. Some of my friends are there toocool bananasEURO-youthi'm off to lisbon on sunday with work. If you are in the hague on friday - we're giving a lecture at the beachthere's a design festivalhttp://now-we-are-talking.nl/yeah should be fun - although I have to go aloneok I better get some shut-eye :) hopefully see you soon amigooooooyeah i'm planning a trip soon - lots og holidays to tke before the year is outyeah! should get a better balance :) sleep well, Lizzie xwelterustenCool! I'm teaching at the Art Academy during the week but free at the weekend, can't wait!

Lizzieghostbusters?Hey steph!

Nice profile pic....!

E-mailing you from Seattle.. having so much fun but I think Vancouver is best. I bought Erin an Abercrombie and Fitch POLO shirt today (don't tell!) but wanted to check what size her yellow one is. I bought a large but it looks really teeny so I could change it tomorrow. 

Peace and love,

Lizzie xgreat, i am 0031681879473, I'll call you on Friday. It should be easy to meet up, not too big a festival...Yo stephhhh, what's your email address?yes! That's actually why I'm after your emailhaha!thanks! I'm going to be a wifeyeah from 28th–4thhopefully see you for a drinkfo sho, lets try and coordinate with your big sishey steph! what is your London snail mail address?STEPH! It's so great here, wanna see some photos?What is the email for your apple account. I can share an album xxHPPPYYYY BIRTHDAYYYY!Hey Steph, are you still doing the Edinburgh 0.5 Marathon in May? I am now too!plenty time ;)Hey hey hey, still on for next  Sunday? We could have breakfast together?Well I though before but then I checked the time and it's 8am! So maybe coffee and cake after is better, let's see how it goes. Rest that ankle until Sunday!I miss mountains, you up for some serious trekking when I get back?

Peace over the ocean,

LizzieHi Mr Sands,

Yes walkies sound great, we had a good day doing Beinn Ime, Ben Vane and Beinn Narnain the other day.

I might be going to France on Wednesday... long story. But if I dont't we should get people together to go away for a few days, just rough camp up north somewhere are bag some hills.

I'll call you tomorrow when I know if I'm off to frog land!

Peace,

Lizzie xHAY Bazza... well It's Jude's birthday on Sunday so I doubt Monday will be a good idea... then essay crap so most likely next Saturday. Or we could attempt it tomorrow? 

Cher xHi Max, sorry took me so long to reply I've been up North with nae signal.

Don't think I'll be able to make your birthday sorry, will be back in Edinburgh and got a job so have to save money.

Have a good one though and hopefiully see you tomorrow night,

Lizzie xHey Max

Hope Berlin was fun, quite gutted I wasn't there... just been getting pissed and eating sausages with Jude to make up for it.

Anyhoo, you know my archive project? Well I'm trying to get some sports videos and been contacting loads of football clubs but wondered if you could suggest some Glasgow based rugby clubs?

Peeeeeace,

lizzieCheers Max, that's awesome, I'm back in Glasgow tomorrow so will get on it.

Hope you enjoyed Friday, I had to go home to Edinburgh on Sat and felt AWFUL. Literally thought everyone on the bus was going to kill me. No more miscellaneous white powder for me until degree show....

Peace

LizzieHey Max, on that e-mail you sent out about the auction, that isn't the auction web address it was just a trial run I sent to Grace on the back of my own website. I guess we could keep it there but maybe it would be better on the viscom10.com degree show site?

Also I think it is quite inaccurate right now as Grace still need to give me more information etc, we should probably take it down until it's correct, or just put up a 'coming soon'.

We can sort it out in the morning,
Peace,
LizzieActually thinking about it, I'll just make it automatically direct you to the auction page viscom10.com site.

Peace,
Lizziemeeting Lunny at jolly roger at 12.15 for lunch, come join.

LiizieNae worries, I'll get them soon. The Colex ate me. I am now an 8x10 bit of paper, don't sit on me.

Speak soon, maybe Crumb, Zwigoff and 'Gansett at the weekend?

LizzieI have to go home to check on Leah, apparently she freaked out in New York so I wanna make sure she's ok, shall we meet at the cinema entrance?

There's one on at 7pm, outside at 6.45?

Lizzzzzzieyo serve! Are you going to Pitch festival?Looks right up your street!A week tomorrow! woooooo, we must go to the pub, I need a pint of tennants,

They have made me work like a crazy person.

I miss Glasgow's lackluster schedule!

Peace, Lizzie xxHello,

Good to hear from you! Unfortunately I need a room in The Netherlands, I'm moving there but my bad dutch on Gumtree has so far resulted in many requests from 50 year old men who are looking for 'alternative' payment methods.... 

How are you anyway? I'd love to buy you a pint some time before I leave, are you hanging about in Glasgow at the moment?

Peeeeeace xYooooo,

Regarding our earlier conversation.... this is a video I made about our project in Milan

http://www.vimeo.com/23043336

Lizzzzzzziehttp://www.walkjogrun.net/routes/current_route.cfm?rid=CC571714-B615-2433-5D9939866C93E35F&success=1so you can check the sea level

http://scheveningen.info/nl/getijden.phplets go soon before the tide comes in!Yo, Thilo, Can we have a chat this evening about the room thing. I talked with my boss today and I really have to inscribe now because they will get in trouble. I will have to inform Ronald that it is me living in the room. I'm really sorry to disappoint, I hope it doesn't fuck things up too much.IZZIEtried to find you for running yesterday!yeah me too, slept in!see you tonight though?haha... lots of cigarrettes for me too!dooie!hey thilo, thought you might enjoy this documentary about the crisis in Greece

http://www.debtocracy.gr/indexen.htmlare you streaming HD video ;)hahaha, mus are embarrassing foreverfor a bar?cool! in Den Haag?you'll get it for surejust wear a beret and some onions round you necksaying oo-la-layo yo, yeah still a bit jaded but much betteryou got the job??woop!nice, is it fun?you'll pick it up quickno running tomorrow then?should wait to check your knee probablysee how you feel tomorrow... I'm going to an exhibition in Delft after work... you around for a beer later?cool beans, best get back to work!dooieyo yo... running tonight... 7pm?hey thilo, I went drinking and smoking instead - :( tomorrow would be great though. 
I heard that Toby is staying, can you take Christophs room or do you still have to register?

LizzieTHILOOOOOO, 7pm run run run? I will bike with you to the beach this time, :)yo thilo - sorry just got this - I am in the studio now but will be back around 8pm.... hope you had fun in the sun!yo yo!just going out for a run - then I'll be home for a bit, then going to the studio. Annie will also be here :)yeah of course, I should be around anywaydooieThilo, I just got back from Lisbon for work. 

I take back everything I said about not liking the heat. It was hot and sunny and I loved it!

Hope you had fun in Madrid too,

LizzieLife is nice at dg197, although we miss you! Annie and I especially.

I have been crazy busy again recently, just like Milan. But life is good. Let arrange a Satuday to meet and go running (I also didn't go for a while), then you could come back for lunch at the house.

Peace amigo,

Lizzie xyo yo!hows it going?holiday?ah cool, I'm going there in 2 weeksyeah I'm teaching for 4 days at the Art Academyyeahfor this long yeah... I'm nervous ;)Still got your jeans and towel, you should come for dinner one eveningyeah he's in the kitchenYeah i'll let him know... I should go help set the table as we're about to eatDrop by soon,LizziedooooooAh Thilo I am helping a friend paint his apartment all day, but I can leave the jeans out amigo!yeah sure, will dodank je wel!Yo Thilooooo, I left the house without leaving out your stuff, sorry got distracted. It's all in the bottom drawer of my white drawers - just go in and get it, Someone should be home today, maybe annie, PEACE! lizzie xoh wow, lucky you! it's raining here you'll be glad to know.

Make sure and visit us on your return,

Lizzieyo yo!all is goodare you back in DH?cool - we should hang out, I want to hear about your adventures...me, tobi, annie, tom, daan... AND MATTAIS!he came back last weekwe are madthe wierd guy who lives in the zolderyeah!i think i will move out soonyeah - I love living with everyone but I can't be bothered with Ronald's shiti might get a place with Tobi - Annie might move in with her boyfriendyeah - me too :)haha, no hers is Swiss and mine is American - mine is my colleague Danbut no-one knows yet at the studiooopsswiss germanso they are speaking german all the time:)Daan has a girlfriend toolove is in the air!yes Tobi is going back out with Lenatoo many couples!hahaha!anyhoo I better go back to workboss is comingyo yo Thilo - I don't think there are any coming anymore but you have a fre from the university dated a while back - you can pick them up from me at work if you like?

Peace out, LizzieHey Rach,

Just said a drunken and tearful goodbye to yer sis, we had a cracking time though, my liver divorced me this morning but I'm suing for the kids(neys?)

She misses you muchos, I got the low down on the Kenny wedding though which sounded pretty hilarious!

Give me a shout if you're up in Edinburgh and I will dress up in Jude's clothes to remind you of her... 

Hope you're well,
Lizzie xYes! dinner/drinking/dancing/singing just happen to be my four GREATEST talents, closely followed by crying.

Yeah, what do you fancy in terms of narcotics? I thought you were talking about the naughties as a decade and started thinking it was going to be 2010. I can get some nice pills is Glas but maybe some Mandy would be better, Jude has that guy in Edinburgh that wants in her pants so will probably do a good deal!

Not really feeling the Xmas cheer yet, I think I need some ome comforts and the smell of a tangerine to make me discard old scrooge.

PEEEEEEACE Rachy Rach Rach and bring on the smelly one's return

Liz Biz xx

ps. Also, I think we should make a pact to pretend that Jude has adopted a Canadian accent and watch her sqqqqqquirm, what a nice friend.hELOOOO,

Hey elder Browning, I'm in Fort William already, lots of snow and quality climbing conditions, although not for the nest few days. weep.

I brought the ingredients for lentil soup from home as we had them in the flat so no need for shopping, can't wait to get to the house, been sleeping on a floor for 3 nights so bunk bed will be luxurious!

Peace and love,

Lizzie xHeloo No.1 Miss Browning,

Thanks for your birthday message, lovely day with a bit of climbing and a lot of boxed wine, bleurg.

I would love to see you before I set sail for clog-land, where my (imaginary) handsome blonde Dutch man is waiting for me...

Have you any plans to come up here before 1st Spetember, or shall I try to persuade Jude the prude that a tri to London is in order?

peeeeeeeeeeace to you,

Lizzie xOh good god I feel nasty, lat night was fun though, didn't go to bed until 11, slept for a few hours and now have to eat steak pie with relatives and be a charming young adult. Trauma.

was it a good one browning lasssses?
ps, do you you think you can handle a pint tonight...sooo full, sooo tired, leith sooo far away. Sorry I can't drag myself! Liiiizzzzzzard xxBROWNING! 

Christmas Day - Hope to see you in the Burgh, it's been too long and last time didn't count because it was too short.

Peaceeeeeeee,

LizzieI know - since I booked my tickets I've been itching to go on holiday - got turd loads of work to do before then though.

You could try buying some of these super fast neutrinos they're cooking up over at CERN. Hitch a ride and hope you don't fuck up the space-time continuum?

Until then!

Lizzie xRachael! Did you have any joy with the new year party treats? Hope you had a good Christmas... It was great to see you and Jude but waaaaaay too short. This will also be the first new year without you guys for ages! Liz biz xNo worries, Thanks for trying! If I don't see you have a great time up north xHope you had a good one! It was actually quite nice to have a clean New Years Day... see you when we're next in LondiniumLook out for a lumpa', wear a Christmas jumpa'So are we!hey duuuuudes, is tonight your anniversary meal? If not, come over for a beer! Lizzieyeah, 197 daguerrestraat, off edisonstraat!(image reference: messages/stickers/126361967548600.png)Soooooo, I heard that you don't have new year plans anymore. Now you can come to Scotland! Drinks, hiking and wood fires!These Facebook emojis are shit.I guess that it's still a no ;) I'm just checking numbers and doing some organising todayok doke!Hey Laurel,

How's Senior year treating you? I can't believe it's a year since I was trailing the streets of Providence. 

I like the instructions project, some golden responses!

I'm working on this archival project 'archivalimpulse.com' and wondered if you knew of anyone with lots of Video Tapes, I'd love to have a transatlantic input.

Peace over the ocean,

LizzieNext week is good for me but not tomorrow. I'll prepare the manicure set.woop! Yeah I'd love to, When are you leaving, is Thursday good for you? Liz Biz xBaaaaaah, I haven't got a flight yet, I have no job and no money at all. Judith what is your secret? I really hope to get one at the end of the month as I might get some pennies from relatives for my birthday, if they don't cough up it's not looking good.

I'm also turning into a middle aged woman as there is no one in Edinburgh and my mother is fast becoming my 'bezzie mate.' Please come to Edinburgh Rach, or I will hitch a ride to London from a rabid truck driver just to get away?

Jude, I am sad and jealous of your Norway plans, although mostly jealous that I am not there, I'm growing Pippi Longstocking hair as a substitute. I intend on getting so drunk on moonshine on my birthday that I can just put some REALLY SMALL SKIRT on a tramp and he can be you for the night, although I might also have to douse him in gin to get the full effect. ho ho ho.

Finally, too much reading of the Guardian has resulted in my e-mails sounding like a twatty article in G2.

Lizzzzzzzzieeeeeeeeok I'm determined to do this.... looking for cheapest optionsHello Browningzzz,

Did you say Seb is coming over tomorrow? Maybe we could all have drinks or dinner tomorrow or Thursday? I think if I stop drinking now a month of hangovers will attack, so I intent on putting up a good fight.

Liz Biz JizzYes please thank you very much! I shall bring plenty o wine, Lizzie xxya ya ya, but I haven't prepared anything for the talk yet so could be a bit of an ad lib... :)yeeeeah, I'm coming over with people on Thursday but I suspect we'll be in Edinburgh most of the week. Give me a shout if you feel like coming through. Jude and Seb are coming on Saturday night I think,

would be good to see you,

Lizzzzie xyeaaaaah - lets grab a drink tomorrow eve? I'm going out for dinner with Seb, Neil, Sophie ec for this 'A Feral Studio' thing first... lets all hang out after.

LizzzzzieHey Maeve,

Hope you had a nice Christmas! What time do you get to Glasgow on Monday? I can meet you somewhere to get Richard's keys.

Looking forward to NY,

Liz Biz xah cool - yeah I'll grab them from her. I'll be there about 12noon I think. I'm bringing bf Dan and also my friends Tobi and Lena from Germany. It's going to be fuuuuuun! 

See you Monday,

Liz BizWassssssup Maeve, is it possible for Dan an I to stay at your place tonight? We have sleeping bags! Let's 
Meet for a drink later anyways, give me a call / text on +31 681879473 as I don't have your number. Liz bizzzzHey Em-ee-lee-ah

I'm afraid I must pass on the lecture, I have a slot booked in the University video archive for the evening, quite jealous to miss not only Doug Scott but also Ollie's chat!

Have a good one. I have my American flatmate coming to stay this weekend so will let you know if we're oot and aboot at parties etc,

Peace over the ether,

Lizzard xAs much as I'd like to I think I have to attack my severly neglected studio work asap, but will be sure to pop round to say bye to Thom later on. I wish I was doing a dissertation right now!

That picture of you and johnny is terrifying!

Lizzard xHe em,

I have it that you owe me a tenner from Northumberland.... gimmie it or I'll break you leg again. Ho ho, too soon to make jokes?

I know it's anal but my bank account is very hungry.

Speak soon,

Lizzard xxOh lord it was an epic and a half! We climbed number 2 gully but a long list of setbacks meant we didn't top out until about 9pm (having left the tent at CIC at 7am) and got back to the tourist car park at midnight. Unfortunately our car was in the north face car park so we had to get a taxi over there THEN Andy got stopped by the police for erratic driving while wearing B3's! So we got to Thom's about 2am?

All this meant that his morning we had to walk back up to the CIC hut to pick up the frozen tent and sleeping bags...fun fun! There are many more tales from the trip but I shall wait until I see you in person,

Stangely I think this traumatic experience has made me more excited about ice climbing,

Anyhoo hope all is well in the South, speak soon,

Lizzie xYes I have winter climbing on the braiiiin, seriously loved it. We could leave super early on the monday and get in curved ridge on the way up? Have a good christmas and speak soon, liz bizHey Em,

Yeah tomorrow is a definite no-no for me, I'm totally swamped. I really really want to go away this weekend.

Its my assesment on Tuesday so it all depends on wether the next few days go well. I think I'll pay anyway tomorrow at the pub and make a final descision on Thursday night.

Arg schoooooool.

Lizzie xHeloooooo, not until end of August so we have a whole month of passionate opertunities available! Any plans to come up again soon?

I had a great birthday but your presence was missed, I have some funny/awkward stories involving Jamie for you!

Lizzie xxxxHey EM BEM,

How's worky? I've managed to find a flat now so a bit relieved, Jamie said you might be moving into Don and Andy's flat?

I do have your fancy walking axe which I'll give to Thom or Doooonald, I may even sellotape a Snickers to the adze.

I am desperate to get into some hills before I go, do you know if I can get keys for Clashgour?

Peeeeeace,

LizzieEmily....oh man. Sending you all my cheesy love. I understand, take your time explaining but really I'd like to know how you are.

Lizzie xxxxBahhhhhh, you're one of a kind Emily. 

If I know you at all, you won't want a load of awkward sympathetic attention, and people avoiding the 'c' word so I will be highly inappropriate and say FUCK OFF CANCER. I am also sending my most powerful vibes across the sea to you, and I let you know that I am very much thinking of you.

So many crazy things have happened! I don't think I should leave again, clearly my beautiful aura keeps the world in check? It's a shame about you and Thom but I can completely understand, you've been living separate lives for a while I guess and sometimes things just run their course.

And Charlotte, fooking hell. I am quite surprised about that, but now she can be my wing man on nights out. Although by the sounds of it she's already getting some!

Well my bike crash seems a little less important now, but knowing me I will probably try and steal some of your sympathy attention, "look at me, look at me, I have a grazed knee, waaaaaaaa"

Love to you,

Lizzard xIs it pure boring in Chester? I wish that you were here so we could try Den Haag Ice Wall, which looks like total pants actually...

I thought you might be amused to know that I fell off my bike again, right in front of the guy that I fancy from work. It was possibly the lamest thing you have ever seen Em, I wasn't even going fast, pretty much standing still. I'm so good at flirting.

I forgot to tell you about awkward Jamie e-mails after I'd left Glasgow, he sent me stuff about how he felt about me and wanting something to happen but not pushing anything.... eep. Do you want to share a bed with me?

Peeeeeeeeeace to you,

Lizzie xHa ha, sexy mama. I shall name him Bernard the Sexy Man Goat. (I hope it's a man)

Yeah Jamie just said that we had really wanted to make a move because he liked me but wasn't sure how I'd feel etc. But keep this on the down-low as I don't want to be spreading gossip...

And no, I don't have clippy bits, I am just a fanny.

Is this 19 year old Graham McGrath? Or just another spritely young piece of meat (ewww) Someone from the climbing wall? 

Talking of swimming, I can't find a decent one here, boo hoo. Do you have one near you in Chester? Maybe you will see some cool Hollyoaks actors there and ask for a watery autograph. Or you could bring some laminated paper and a permanent marker to avoid dripping.

Ok, with that thought I shall sign off, although I have noticed that there a lot of questions in this e-mail, sorry?

Peace to you an BSMG (Bernard Sexy Man Goat)

Lizzie xxHello to you today ms. Roo,

I just caught a glimpse of some of the freshers photos, fucking nice weather the bastards! We will get out soon my friend.

Did James like his card? It was well funny!

I had a mega quiet weekend, what happens when you only have a few friends and they are all busy, oh well, it was nice to get some reading done and some time on the (cold) beach.

I may need to drink some red wine on my own tonight to add to the Bridget Jones scenario!

I also miss BBC iPlayer like the world, god damn it! Lets swap film idea. I suggest you watch K2 again, I did last night and it is fucking brilliant. Or shit, you decide....

Miss your face,

Lizzard xxWAAAAAAT! There is too much gossip in that e-mail.

1. I am VERY jealous that you went.
2. Ginger babies.
3. Ok that is everything but they are good ones.

So I am going to be all girly and ask if you really like him...oooh my,

My body is for sexy dutchmen only, one of which I have yet to get in my tiny little bed. But I'm working on it.

Lizzzzzard x
ps. What is Charlotters e-mail? I bet it it ilovehairybacks@givemeyournorfolkwilly.comI have a date! They guy at the bank asked me out when I was setting up an account, he's not that hot, but hey I don't have many other options right now!

Spoke to Charlotto and she is talking about a Font trip at Easter, we should keep it in mind.

Hope your doing good my friend, you making a Glasgow trip?
Lizzie xOh Emily, I also had THE MOTHER of all hangovers on Sunday. Felt like a big pile of evil. Did you go on the lakes meet?

Went to a work party on Sat night but thankfully everyone was as drunk as me so I don't need to feel too embarrassed. I got stopped by the police on the way home for swerving all over the place, they even made me sit in the back of the car to freak me out!!! No ticket though, I think I managed to plead ignorance through the whiskey slurs.

I saw photos of the boys climbing wall, looks coolio, although I'd be nervous it was going to collapse and make a Lizzie sandwich on the floor.

Peace and Love,

Lizzzzzie xI know I was completely shocked when I saw the photos of you guys, brought back so many good memories man!

Man, that seems like a long stretch of therapy, but time does go hideously fast so lets hope it goes by quickly. Will you be getting the chemo in Glasgow then? I will be back from 23rd December until 3rd of Jan so we will definitely meet up. I assume you won't be able to drink while in treatment so I will prepare some non-alcoholic eggnog tipple... Do you have to stay overnight for each dose? 

That's pretty dickish of Thom, It's probably because he still likes you and having problems dealing with it. No excuse though, you need him as a friend not a nippy ex boyfriend!

I've been asked to come back to work here after Christmas so looks like my winter season will be fully non-existent this year, but no bother we can get on UKC next year climbing with flowers on out backpacks like cool girl climbers.

I really miss youuuuuuuuu and wish we could have a good face to face bitch and gossip. To make you giggle here is a website card I made for Andy's birthday tomorrow.
www.lizziemalcolm.com/andy.html 


Peace and Love,

Liz Biz McJizzzzer... mincing around on Nevis!

Good weekend? Sounds like the GUMclub is in a good phase with all these nice people.

Buy busy here, working late tonight which never works out as I just wasted an hour on skype blabbering crap. oops. Maybe I should drink some coffee and stay up, OR do what I like most and sleep sleep sleep.

Missing our totally dirty jokes (much worse than the boys')

Lizzie xxxYeah, lets do a route around New Years, I will have the motor car broom broom. I need to start doing push ups, as my muscles may have turned to bingo wings, flappy flappy!

Hope the diss is going well, any other gossip with Graham? Also glad Thom is being nice again, maybe we can all go on a day trip. Or maybe that is too much!

It will be marvellous to see you again, shame you have to have a dose over xmas, but Santa will find you in Glasgow I am sure.

I get back on 24th and would like to see you soon after that, Marta is spending Xmas with me because she is a smelly Serbian orphan, so we should get egg nog somewhere.

Peaaaaaaace,

Lizzard Blizzard (my winter season name)Em!
Meery CHRISTmas (mustn't for get Jesus)

I am in deed bak in Scotland and would love to see you Monday or Tuesday, I will drive over and we can hang oot, I'll bring my kit and we can see what we feel like. Look forward to seeing you and the ladz, just off to eat some Turkey,

Speak tomorrow,

Love Lizzard xxxxxNice! I will speak to Andy tomorrow as he is super keen too!I know, it's ridiculous, supposed to be 4 degrees in the cairngorms. can't believe it, my shortest winter season ever. Do you still have some time tomorrow to hang out though? We could go for a nice walk somewhere, is Charlotto about too?

Liz Biz xYeah, I gave it to Donald when I left Glasgow along with his ice tools I borrowed, I will check with him though.

Whats your number just now? I have the booze blues today after far too much welcome home drinking, but I hope I can continue for another week!

Lizzie xhahaha, I am just driving through with mart, I'll give you a cll when we arrive,

Lizzie xxYour name is roo,
you are a poo.

I know, genius.

Anyhoo, how are ye? I'm settling into my lovely new house, it's in a super cool area so I'm a happy bunny. 

It was so nice to see everyone at Christmas, I want to set up a Reiff trip or something for the summer, try to gather the masses. Or maybe I'll just tag on with the club trip, anyhoo, we'll see.

Tell me gossip,

lIZZZARD XXXXI'm home until wednesday tooooooooo! can we go for a hike / climb?sounds awesome - don't have that long back though - tuesday til wednesday? I can brin g my car so you can stay longer :)Hey ooooooh,

I'll not be back until Xmas actually - boo. Will you be around then for some ice fun?

LizzieYeah I am super keen to fit in some climbing action, I was doing some (very sketchy) hiking in Austria last month with my friend Tobi and it was awesome.

I'm going to Edinburgh this weekend so I'll bring back my climbing stuff and we can maybe co-ordinate something for October? I have no idea what conditions are like at that time of year though! 

Is it fun out there? It looks awesome!

Peace and Love,

Jizzy Lizzywasssssup - Your trip looks awesome, I'm super jealous!

I don't think there is any chance that I can come to Chamonix in October, I have loads to do at work, blearug.

I'm back in the UK until the 6th then straight back to NL. Will you be around then - I want to see you!

LIzzzzzardEMMMMILY!! Hugs from crappy flat NL. I wanted to ask you, what is it like in Cham in the summer, horribly busy? I want to take Dan on his first hiking holiday and considered heading your direction. LIZ BIZ xEmily! fart face! How's it hanging?What is your current address? I have something to send you...Come to Glasgow for New Years!Andy, Jude, Mary etc etcyes yes! You can meet my fiance.... !surprise!I need your address for a wedding invititationabout a week ago, crazy grown up shityeah come over! I'm super pumped to hear about all your adventuresmaybe we can even plan one!Nah, it's been pretty crazy here with work. And I think I need to start Dan on something a bit more chilled out, like some big boring monroes.like the dragon one ;)Yeah, I've had a few utter batterings on a minging Scottish summer dayThat photo of you in the Alpine journal was quality!yo yo yo, still using freakishme@msn.com as your email? xwell they are right next to each othercczz"please mash the keyboard to continue"do you have chazzy simmons' too?a dialing stickand a moo moo"marge! where's my fat guy hat"gotta love that homerYes I do! But you would have to ease me back into it, technically anyway! I'm still pretty fit. Are you still in chamonix?Not right now I guess because your were on an teallachWell either country I am gameDidn't we do it in summer with thom?And ChazOh yeahFunny how things have changed since back in the day!I better go (Dan is complaining about all the buzzing in bed!) I'll mail you tomorrow about a potential tripI really need it!Night xxem em em! what is your snail mail address?ta luv :)Yo yo!Finishes at 1amHmmmm, maybe at Andys dads house, free parking there I think! XxFuuuuck, sorry you had to go thorough that. We
Missed you, but I completely understand.We are back in NL in August, pop in for sure!XxHey hey! I am actually in Colombia until 1st AugustBummer to miss youNo worries amigo, hopefully see you soon!Em! It's your birthday!I come with wishes and also a question!Dan and I are doing a section of the PCT this summer, and I need some advice on pacing. I can't remember any of my pacing skills from GUM. What do you reckon is a reasonable pace for walking with a 65L pack?We need to do some test runs too ;)Hey Graham,

So sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. I've been on a placement in The Netherlands and it was unclear whether I was going to get a job at the end, but it turns out they want me to start back on 4th.

So I will have to bail on my place in the cottage.

Again, really sorry if I caused any problems with booking etc.

Hope you're well,

LizzieHey Dirk - No worries, just found out I have to do midterm assessments at KABK tomorrow which is not going to be any fun! Speak soonugleeeeee,

ps. Manhattan has 52 pig people.Hey man,

Just thought I'd drop you a quick line to see how you were getting on, Lynsey says you've been having fun times!

Glasgow is very much the same, lots of boozing and rain. There seems to be a massive influx of Scandinavians, but some really cool ones so that's ok!

I still heven't heard from exchange although I'm not sure i'm bothered anymore, I don't really want to hang out with a bunch of rich Americans anyway.. too cool for them...?

Anyway, keep having fun and see you after the celebration of the birth of Christ.

Lizzie xWay, I'm pretty jelous man, but glad you're having good times.

Party times with you and Jud face on your return!

Liz biz xxHey Dom,

I hate to contact you on Facebook but I dinnae have your real e-mail so it must be done.

Just wanted to say good luck with the exhibition and sorry I can't be there. Jude told me you got the Warehouse studio space which is well good... I'm off to Netherlands tomorrow so won't be back in G-land until Christmas and we must convene around that time for some debauchery. Yas yas!

Peace and Love,

Lizzie xWell done me love!

Bettina xYes this sounds great! I'm in the middle of nowhere with patchy signal so sorry for the slow reply. Ps: I just got engaged!Hi hi, back in The Hague now. Yes you can pass on the news! Are you guys coming the weekend of 28-29 Nov? Looking forward to seeing you both. Should we keep it a ladies night?haha, yes great! Do it.Dan has something on early evening so he could always meet us after dinner for a drink or somethingyes, yes, yes! I'll bring some stuff to stay over, it's easy for me to get a train back, unless we stay out too late, which is what I hope :)hmmmm, what are the dietary requirements again? fish ok?I'll have a think tonight... gotta avoid the tourist trapzotherwise we'll be hangin with a bunch of fucked up teenshey Aggie, what's the address of your apartment? I'll look for a restaurantoh yeah I meant to ask you, there is this place which is very close to your apartment: http://www.smokinbarrels.nl/en/index.htmlwhich i really like, but you can't make a reservationdo you like the look of it?kind of burger / lobster jointcool beans, and there is an awesome bar right around the cornerhttp://www.henrysbar.nl/index.htmlshiiiiiit, that sucks, ws it a bad one?Unfortunately I won't be able to stay over anyway, I have to get a flight to Venice the next morning for an unexpected meetingsound like a right tit don't I:)haha, well Dan is a bit of a germaphobe so I just won't tell him I'll be hugging someone with the plagueno holding hands, ok?what time shall I head over to the apartment?you can also just text me an hour before you want to meet, I'll be working :(perfectok, looking forward to it! Hope you feel better tomorrowaggie! can you send me your mob num, I am +31681879473Hey hey, It will be closer to 7 by the time I get there I think. Gotta go home get changed and get to the station, that ok?Great, see you soonyo aggie, feeling better? Hope so. Also, can you send me your email?Agnes! I'm actually in Lisbon until 26th so it's a bit tight - but please ask me again next time! Will you be in Scotland for Christmas this year? Dan and I will both be there... XxYowanna go to skye?http://dirtmountainbike.com/videos/danny-macaskill-ridge.html!cobbler tomorrow 9am, anyone interested? i have the motor  car, lizzie xHey Becca,

Sorry man but we had an MFA guy come to see it today and he wants to take it,

Hope you had fun on exchange,

LizzieAre you guys keen for Nadine's gig on Friday?

I expect to have recovered from my cough in time for biertjes...

Lizzie xyeeees, will send a mailyeah I know... I saw on her instagramHey Louise,

I've never done it but have heard about a programme called 'Mac the Ripper'. There is a free version and lets you access footage from a DVD.

http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/14414/mactheripper

It will turn it into a .avi or something you can put in After Effects.

Your other option is to use a 'screen recording' programme like SnapzPro which is pretty  much the same as taking a screen shot but with moving image... it will record everything that is on your screen for a given time.

Here is a free trial of Snapz Pro 

http://mac.softpedia.com/get/System-Utilities/Snapz-Pro-X.shtml 

Hope that helps,

LizzieHey Jeppe,

Hows it going? You get home alright after the week long alcohol binge? I'm back at home now and really need to detox, my poor body is a wreck.

Peace,

Lizzie xYo Théo!

We're having drinks at our house (Bakkersstraat 70) tonight before Rewire festival... care to join?

LizzieHey-o, sorry for hideously late reply, but I think Lunny got everything anyway, sounds interesting too. One small thing, I think in the title, replacing 'linked' with 'and' flows a bit better.

"The fragility of identity and self-portrayal on the internet."

I have been utterly useless with Facebook recently, sooooooo much work to do. I'm sure you guys are the same!

I hope we can all hang out again sometime soon,

Lizzie x

ps. Nice website LunnyHey Duuuudes,

Hope you're still ok for my visit this coming week! I arrive at the airport at 18.30 on Thursday evening, should I come straight to your place?

Canny wait to see your mugs,

Lizzie xI wouldn't imagine Andy's instructions to be any less than perfect! See you Thurs, Lizzie xxit's to  schonefeld, is that where Andy's parents came from?Did you guys go up North? If not lets have a movie night!

LizBiz xThanks Aaron, it was a blast! We'll hit you up next time we're in LDN xhey Ivan,  I was just discussing today with Dan that we should contact youwe didn't get the hackathon money from the studio yet - but we will make sure we get it before we leave!how are you?ah cool - was it fun?awesome! I will let you know about the money when Dimi is back from holiday - hopefully we don't have to pay tax on ityeah, we will work with Kai and Susanaexciting but scary!we don't have a name yet but I'll send you a link once we get up and runningbye!brunch at baklust at 2.30?
ja ja
Lizziehey Dóra, you coming over today?210the big onehey dora, i have a break from now until 1pm, will be in room 210yo, you guys coming today?yes, come now!Thanks Dora, it's was great fun!Here is Boyd playing with some bubbles(image reference: messages/photos/10154354549043573.jpg)Oops!Of course he is invitedI just remembered you saw a mouse!10 mins!hey Dora, is that your cake tin or Vera's?btw the leftover cake was so good for my hangoveryo yo, isn't it a holiday on Monday? Tues+Wed I am at schoolMORE Dutch holidaysnot sure the academy is closed thoughyeah that is no probsWhere you at? I am in the big oneClassroom that isYes I have a lot! You can have them if you take care of themWe will be home from 3pm today - actually all evenings this weekthere's about 6 small ones, 1 medium one, and 1 big onehe's called Al Greenthe all have names of singers.... :)Leaf RichardsRobert Plantno they are scared of the van;)Yeah no problem(image reference: messages/photos/10155525531183573.jpg)A wild Dora appearsWhat time does it start?Oh shit I thought it was later, you know how long it goes on for?Ok coolBe there around 7:30Thank you for my lamp! Nerds 4evaYes will do!huzzah it yo birthday! See you in a few weeks!yo yo, yeah you can see the huge pdf here on the project page:https://rectangle.design/dev/cr/Hi Emily - yes I have it to Clara, thanks!* gavedoooogie! how are ye?

where are you in canada, i'm there in the summer, would be good to see you,

betty xHi John, that would be great, we are actually in Scotland until Sunday night, will you still be around in Monday?Hi John, yes of course! We're going through on Monday 19th. My appointment is at 9am  and I can't imagine it going longer than 2hrs...  could you meet at 11?Sure can, any preferences of where to meet?Sure, how about Cafe Hula on Hope Street at noon? http://cafehula.co.uk/yo dude it looks like you're having a blast! What's the school like? It's already freezing cold here and I wish I was in Spain....

How long do you have left?

Peeeeeeeace,

LizzieGlad you're having fun - never mind about the school, it's the experience that counts!

I know you're sad to leave but we'll be glad to have you back. I can't wait to go home for Christmas I need a holiday! Annie is coming to Scotland for Christmas which will be fun,

PEACE OUT AMIGO,

Lizzieyo yo!

I won't be home tonight either - I'm going to have dinner with a friend of a friend who arrives in the Hague,

Tot later

Lizzieyo, you should put your dinners on the huislijst!yo yo - at work :)how was germany?no he's at the gym nowdid kaddy get the room?i bet they put the rent up to 1 billion EUROmutha-fuckaaaasscumthe scum of the earth!he has nothing on meyeah lets see what happens in the next few weeksok dokey - I better go. See you later on tonight xyo yo - sorry i have been working like a maniac this week.yeah I really want to move outI'm so done with Mattijs and ronaldnaybe in a month or soi have an exhibition opening in Amsterdam this evening but should be home around midnightja ja cool - Dan's parents are visiting so I have to meet them at some point. But I'm staying at home tonight. PEEEEACELizzie xsure, no problem, I'll be in school on Friday, we can grab lunch?sure, but it's at home on my laptop, I'll send it tonight!hey hey, what is youe email, I need to wetransfer it to you... sorry for delay!hey Reggie - I got a message saying you didn't download the file - is that the right email?brunch 2pm baklustHey Lucas, of course I don't mind! Actually Dan and I are away on vacation from this Friday. You are welcome to stay at our house though. I can leave a key at my work and tell my colleague that you will come by to pick it up... sound good? Hope you're well, LizzieNo problem at all. You are good and clean guests!Thats cool, but we leave early Friday morning so can't party on Thursday!Oh wait, do you mean this Thursday 31st July? Or next Thursday?Yeah that's coolWe leave early on Friday morning (1st August) but you can still stay on Thursday if you likeIt's Bakkersstraat 70 2513 TK https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bakkersstraat+70,+2513+TK+Den+Haag,+The+Netherlands/@52.0779078,4.3006563,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x47c5b72c28e3c8ad:0x5eecf13ed119180fCentraal is a little closer bit not much. When will you arrive? LiizzzzzieOk doke, see you then, LizzieNo problem, you can walk or get tram 17 to NoordwalHey hey hope you are having fun. When you are back in the house today, can you call Dan on +31 6 39 65 70 55. I need a password that is on a piece of paper in the house! LizzieCongrats!(image reference: messages/photos/10156320770423573.jpg)Hey Mr T,

How's tricks? Seeing your name on Katherine's page has reminded me of watching Kill Bill and listening to Kid Koala on some embarrassingly large headphones.

Been back to Viewforth recently? It's a cliche but feels like forever/yesterday...

Hope you're well,

Lizzie (Betty...)Yeah I doubt I'd know many teachers there now! I'm doing good, living in The Netherlands just now working for a interactive design and research studio. Their arts are very well funded over here so lots of cool installation projects etc. www.lustlab.net 

Still listening to music although art school has perhaps made it a little more pretentious, oh well. Lot's of bad techo over here! Clogs, windmills and bad techno. Better than haggis, kilts and bad food!

Peace,

Lizzie

PS. Say hi to Manson for me next time you see him. I recently re-read Sunset Song, it was barry.Hey James,

Yeah I'm still here but leave a week today... just finishing my finals and hate RISD right now as the workload is stupid!

I've had a really great time though and I'd love to come and visit but i doubt I'll have enough time before Sunday.

Thanks for inviting me, is it nice to be home? You don't miss a pint of Tennants!?

LizzieGreat! Very happy to see! Hope to see you soon, would love to hear about what you're up to at Superpositonhooray!!!better get your dance skills poppin'the finger dance especiallyHey Jakob, Can I invite Kai & Susana to WHAT'S THE OCCASSION?JAKOBI!Are you in DH right now?cool! I am coming next week, fancy a coffee on Tuesday afternoon?cool beans, I htink I'll be there about 2pm, but will give you a buzzzzz when I'm in town. Are you working from home jsut now or you have a studio?nice! where @?good work ethic:thumbs_up:Jakobi! Yeah I just landed and need to see K&S first about a meeting tomorrowI am later than I thoughtI also heard from Flo that there is a Halloween party tonight?I am staying at kai and Susana's so need to persuade one of them to goShouldn't be hard!Jakobi! That's nice, Fred actually just left our flat in Glasgow he was visiting for the weekend. I won't be in DH next weekend unfortunately - I'm sure Kai and Susana would like to see him, can't think of any other people though. Wish I could comehello! actually the KABK got me a hotel so no need to crash. Sorry I forgot to let you know... eek! You should come to the academy on Thursday for a beer – we'll have a small exhibition for the tech week. liz biz xHi Auke... quick question, do you know if the riso room is open today? I need to book some time next week but don't want to bike all the way over there if it's closed!Hi Auke... that would be super if you could do that for me. Can you see if they have space from 3pm on Thursday? Say it is for Susana and me, I think he is expecting us. Thanks! You are saving me a trip over there today!Also, can you and Sam send me your film?thankssweet, thanks :)6pm lets go, I expect there will be wineeeeeee,

meet at the DUNKIN DONUTS CENTRE steps at 6.30?

RSVPEEE, I have no credit on my old walkie talkieYou haven't ventured past downtown!

It's just past Kennedy Plaza on the way to Federal Hill. Instead of going right to the mall you go left. But you'll be coming with Pina maybe? She knows where it is.

http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&geocode=&q=1+La+Salle+Square&sll=41.822702,-71.417098&sspn=0.006428,0.010117&ie=UTF8&ll=41.823877,-71.415027&spn=0.006612,0.010117&z=17

LizzieYes, bring little suitcase to Glasgow, it would be good if some of us could be in the same place at once, I'll brew the Pabst.Hey Steve -

Lizzie here, Dan Power's girlfriend, actually we met really briefly in Milan a few years ago, maybe you remember...?

I wanted to invite you and Greta to Dan's 30th birthday, although I know it's a long shot as you've got a wee one!

Anyway - the party is the day after his birthday, 11th of October, here in The Hague.

Cheers,

LizzieAh well, never mind.

I am planning to intersperse a VJ projection with embarrassing photos that I sneakily acquired from his mum. Maybe you could send a photo saying happy birthday?

Hope to meet you again soon, we've talked about going to Milan sometime in 2014, and of course you're always welcome here!

LizzieYeah It's no problem to drop by, I can show you the studio and what we do.

my e-mail is lizzie@lustlab.net, you're better to e-mial me there as I'm bad at checking the Facebook,

drop me a line and we can set up a meeting,

LizzieAlex, Alex, ALEX!I don't have a ticket for Resonate yet as I have no money but very much hoping to get one of the last ones. Would be awesome to have the whole crew back together again, How it it in Italy? LizzzardNOOOOOOOO!
That's terrible, people suck. I hope you didn't lose too much work...
Come back to NL soon amigo, LizzardALEX you big bum head!

I have a wonderful proposition for you.... Would you like to spend New Year with your friends Gemma, Fred, Dan, Lizzie, Annie, Edgar and more in a lodge in the highlands of Scotland? You would? GREAT!

This is the house http://shinnesslodge.co.uk and we would drive there from Edinburgh on 28th December to 3rd Jan. The house is €200 each and you would have to get a flight of course.

IN?

Hope you are well,

Lizzzzzziiieeeeyeah fo sho you can invite Federica... don't leave it too long because you will have to get a flight to Edinburgh...!  Hope you can come, zing!It would be great if you could let me know within a week or two so I know if  I need to invite others. Peace out, Lizzie(image reference: messages/stickers/126362087548588.png)Awesome, we are sooooo happy if you guys can come. It was gemmas birthday party tonight... Fun fun fun. Kai and I are supposed to be cycling tomorrowOh man, I had no idea that I was sending that weird emoticon!Dan and I are both pissing ourselves laughingBleurg!Dan says "I wish I was in NYC" and a big kissNooooooo! But we WANT you to come!Alllllex!What is your address?We need to send you a wedding invitationHope you are still up for coming!hey hey hey, can you hit me up with your postal address?zing! so happy you guys are coming, it's going to be a blastMeneer Piac! How's it hanging? Quick question, did you ever live in Venice? We will be there at the weekend with my parents and looking for some restaurant recommendations, I think it's pretty easy to end up in a tourist trap! Peace and love, Liz bizThanks!Thanks Alex! I forgot about Tommaso, he was actually there towards the end of my time. We will be in Milan on Thursday night – we're there for a full day workshop with a client so not sure what time we can get away, but maybe you are about for a drink?yeah, and Kai, our hotel is at Viale Bianca Maria, 4Alex missed a call from you.Hey! Wanna eat with us at pastamadre at 8pm?Okey cool, we should be done around 9, we are in the south east of the city, you anywhere nearby?Or come anyway! We can treat you to dinner since we can claim it as an expense!Cool, I'll giv you a text once we are doneYepGreat, we walked past there, see you at 21:30?heeeeeeey! I am in Scotland that weekend... but the one after would suit me awesome....

Lizzard jizzard xxsorry! I suck with facebook! For me it is better is we wait until after your Florence trip because I have 2 projects ending around that time and it's super stressful!

I'd be quite keen to visit Berlin again too... Pina?

Lizzie xxEither of you fancy lunch in the Portfolio cafe... today at 12.30? I have a class at 1.10,

PPPEEEEEAAAACCCCEEEE and OBEY

Lizzie xThere is a talk today by Carl Ostendarp at 6.30 in the museum, fancy it?

Lizziesa-weet.No joy for Animal Collective, his GF wants to go still. BUtttttttttttttttttttt, how about this on sat? http://www.ahmetpolat.nl/guyyyyyyyyyys

ok how bad would it be to change the date of the party to Saurday 10th? I have to give a lecture on the evening of the 3rd then fly to lisbon early on 5th - so 4th is really bad timing :(

i understand if you don't want to move the date - but it would be waaaaaaaaay better for me.

Lizzie xyay :)I have to work until 8pm - that ok? I downloaded an awesome TV program to watch 'Black Mirror'yeah - kill me with a stone! I'm game - free at weekends!

LizzzieYo yoooo, I'm pretty swamped at the moment so can't take Monday off but it would be cool to see you on Saturday. Go to the Stedelijk or somthing? Peeaaace, LizzieHey budddddddy,

Come out for drum and bass times with jude etc on sat 16th, open till 5!! 

Also i paid electricity bill today so its £35 eachos, not too bad.

Peace out

Lizzie xAndy pandy pudding and pee,

Paid yer rent son, as we needed to pay Sept so we can get a new fridge... you can just give me a cheque when you get back. Me and Marta are cleaning the flat but we have nominated a task for you! Can you be in charge or getting tinternet?

Cheers bud, can't wait till we're all back party times!

Lizzie xHello mr wilkinson,

I miss your pirate charm.

How have you been? I'm doing great here, just spent a week on Martha's Vinyard (an Island) we just cycled everyday and got drunk and very stoned at night, fun times!

I wanted to ask you if you were going to Gairloch for with GUMclub for the week long meet this year. The Reiff campsite has closed I think. Anyway I want to go even though it's 3 days after I get back from the States!

Hope you are going, I would probably drive up on the Sunday instead of the Friday, just to give me some jetlag time.

Peace and love and say hello to Bubble for meeeeee,

Liz Biz xxxHey-oooo,

Yes I went to do it but I didn't bring that stupid RBS card reader so I can't add you as a payee.

Our options are:
1. I do a transfer to Emily or Omercan and they can give it to you
2. If you have a paypal I can do it to that
3. I can get my mum to post it to you, that's maybe the best option, she could just put it through your Dad's door in Edinburgh?

I'm having such a good time here so far, the work is quite tough but I'm learning tons and the people in the office are super cool and chilled. They like to drink and smoke so most days and ended with a beer on the barge outside the office, yay!

Have you found a place in Berlin yet??

Love Lizzie xxhttp://lizziemalcolm.com/andy.htmlGlad you liked it, wish I could be there to share a drink with you  today! Missing you guys lots. But as I am staying here I am going to make a trip to Berlin in Feb or March I think. YAAS.

Yeah they asked me to come back after Christmas but we haven't had the official meeting yet to discuss stuff yet, it might just be for another 6months or something, we will have to see! It's going mega well though, I LOVE IT. I'm learning loads n loads.

Will I see your foxy faces at Christmas time? I am back from 23rd to 3rd Jan,

PEEEEEEEEEACE

Lizzie xxxyaaaaaaay, is it eas anie? What day and I will be there!

Liz Biz xHow about something on Thursday then? I amalso going to Glasgow tomorrow, Liz Biz x

ps also, what are your plans for new years?Yeah, my spidey senses tell me Glasgow will be more fun.
I would like to climb on Thursday but I don't think the conditions will be any good for us. It's maybe best to accept defeat. boo.

Lets make new year plans, we should persude Thom and Donald to have a party!!! Lizzie xOk, are you going to Glasgow tomorrow???yo any bum cheese, will you be in Berlin next weekend 29th-31st? I was thinking about paying you a visit...Hey Andy - nah sorry, I tended to float away from them anyway. How are you my shaved headed friend? Come and visit meeeeeeeeeeeeee it will be great!yo andy pandy - It turns out I will be in Berlin for another 4 days as I'm giving a workshop at the UdK (on my own eek)... although I probably shouldn't get completely drunk in those evenings!yeah you can be my sexy assistant... like Debbie McGhie.

How would you feel about me staying with you that week? Don't worry if your place is too small, or do you know if Grace has space? I will provide jokes and beer.

Lizzie xthaaaaaanks man - I look forward to it!hay Andy what's your address in Berlinerrrrrrr?have fun in Die Schweitzare you feeling ok? It was greeeat seeing you at the weekend.poopsIt's totally understandable Annie, give yourself some time to digest.
Tobi and I are gonna talk about you the whole time probably :)

Love to you xxANNIE hope you are having fun!Happy new year!look at those eyes!Hey don man,

You back in Glas? I'm coming back on Sat, Just seeing what your plans for Norway were. I really want to come, trying to get in touch with charlotto to see if she's ready to book flights. Where you thinking about staying or you going to be hard and camp?

Peaaaace man, look forward to seeing you,

Lizzie xHey Doonald, 
I'm on the scrounge, now that I am very skint I have to chase up all the random £5's that I was owed from Northumberland petrol... I know it seems anal but it adds up to quite a lot,

Hope you had fun last night-o

Lizzie xHello bum cheese,

The plan is to drive up on Tuesday then get some good climbing in on Wed and Thurs, I don't really care where just good.

Gies a call if you're up for it.

Ask Andy too, although he may be ruined.

Lizzie xHello donald,

Fancy some winter routes next week? I want to do two days... maybe a V classic on the ben? Or something tougher but I can't lead about V probably!

LizzieDONALD! Hope you are well... This is a bit out of the blue but thought you might be interested. I have hired this house http://shinnesslodge.co.uk with some friends for New Year and I think you, Andy and Bubble should come... yes yes yes? It would be 150 bucks eachDO IT!Ahhhh! That looks awesome, I would sooooo love to come but already have some unbreakable plans that weekend, if only it was in November.

We're planning to drive up on Sunday 28th December and some people are coming back on 2nd Jan, some on the 3rd / 4th. It would be so awesome if you could come, Andy and Bubble too. 

Everything is going good here, I started my own studio in September, here's our temporary website http://openwork.net 

It's great being your own boss but comes with a lot of responsibility.... ! Exciting though.

Great to speak to you, lemme know when you've spoken to your boss, whats your smelliphone number actually?

LIZZZZIIIEEEE xGreat, speak soon!yo yo doonald! How the hell was fabric? you are probably still recovering ;) Did you find out if you can get time off for New Year? Hope so!barry! aye, I will send you an email, san. I'm flying back to the UK a week today, excited to see everyone!don don don don don! Yeah, would be great to see you, you're more than welcome to stay with us.Did you also see the email about France I sent today? I don't know which week we will go yet, would you come if it was the 1st week of August? Or you after a music holiday?Hope all is well amigogreat! speak soon when I know more about France dates, zing!hey DOOOONald, you going to stay with us some of the time when you are here? We're going to get Dekmantel tix today, ding ding!almost all the people form Shinness are going, Fred, Gemma, Annie, Edgar, Michael, Rachael, me and Dan!Yo yo yo, this all sounds great. You are welcome to stay in our spare room any or all of these days. We are very close to the train station which makes it easy to get to, SUPER PUMPED for dekmantel!!!! Liz bizgreat! Wednesday 29th is also  my bday :)yeaaaah, btw, we finalised dates to go to France and have to drive down there on Friday 7th July. You are totally welcome to stay at ours until 9th July though, just drop the keys in the letter box. Sorry we will miss your last day!There is also space in the car for you.... can't you snaggle another week off?DO ITHEY HEY, very much looking forward to seeing you! How about you get a train to The Hague from the airport on Wednesday and we can take you to lunch? We might have to work more in the afternoon but we can give you keys for the house. Seb will be here also. Then BBQ at night! Lizzie xcool beans, I am +31681879473aaaah! Dan says "I'm gonna kill myself"haha, but seriously, we understand, just hope it works out :)And of couse Ola can stay with ushee hopschyed about Dekmantelbut between now and then I'll be getting married and going to Colombia for a month!super duperbusy with some nice projects :)Lets watch Wimbledon final tomorrow....!I THINK TONIGHTTTT!I got stuff for this.... sorry about the absence of lamb...
http://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/comfortingcottagepie_14505yo duuuudewhen was your uncles birthday again?i couldnt get a map but i got a whisky society whisky glass today...back tomorrow so you should have time to post it?shit man, from outside the house?to monster and back.... lets doooo it
http://www.walkjogrun.net/routes/current_route.cfm?rid=029F9B69-0576-D06B-F54E224D86BEE006&success=1Hope it's going well my friend! You'll be a star.aweeeeeeesome :)hot hot hotis work nice?I'm still not a full member :(and i have to stay here for a bit longer, but later I'll be tuisthuisyour yellow bike?ahbummer.ja ja, dooieyeah lots, but I'll do a shop on the way homecheers thoughbe there from 6pm - come once you've been to the gymmy-gym-gym xjust dutch... have fun tonight :)you probably got home late, but because you're German you will be up early... lets have mega breakfast at 11!!! lizzie xmiss you, can't wait to hang out this weekend, my flight gets in tomorrow at 18.40! Liz Boz xhahaha - this is the problem with Facebook's never ending e-mail!

My mate Andy is sending the the text asap,

GO GERMANY!!!! (or netherlands depending who I am with)ewwwwwwwwww, he looks like a bloated baby.yuuuuuuuuuup!all by the same band?7.30....Tobi, we're moving Thanksgiving to Saturday - going skating in Scheveningen then dinner - wanna join?ice skating maaaan, you can hire them there6pmnoooo - on Saturday, maybe I wasn't clearno we're moving it to Saturday because everyone is pretty busy. But I'll let you know if we do, otherwise I'll do the dinnnner,

Lizzieyou didnt say goodbye you big poop. I am basically doing what you did last Saturday....TOBI, so was it a romantic or a friendly drink!?

I has a funny night - it involved a police station and the hospital. (Not for me though)wooo, do you like her?

So Katka got COMPLETELY fucked and I carried her to get a taxi but no-one would take her. Then the police came, then the ambulance came... etc etc. I'll tell all tonight!Ik wil een biertje drinken!ya sure it's in my dropbox ready for work!Hey Steve,

It went pretty well I thought, and Paul just called me to say I'm to do the same tomorrow at 9.30.

Gulp! I'm a bit overwhelmed but I'm just glad people find it interesting.

Hope you're good,

LizzieHey Steve,

Today was much harder, Shona and Irene were nice but the rest were stone cold, threw me a little but I think I did ok. Impressed the fine art guy with some rambling about Walter Benjamin... I'm actually really glad I did these talks, good practice.

Thanks for your support!

LizzieHi Steve,

London is great, but I won't lie, New Blood has been a bit weird. Our position is pretty bad in the exhibition, we are in a room off the main drag and there hasn't been a lot of traffic at all!

The portfolio surgery wasn't that helpful either, he liked my work but he was from a massive branding agency and kept saying my work was Fine Art, which I thought was a bit narrow minded. Although he was nice and seemed really keen to pass on my contact details.

After that, some good news is that Lust got back to me I am going to meet them in The Hague. It's for an interview for a paid placement so nothing guaranteed but very excited.

Feel like a little Scottish fish in a big pond since coming down here though!

Hope all is good in Glasgow,

LizzieHoi Hoi, 

Hoe gaat het met jou? Yeah, Dutch is improving but some way 'til fluent!

That's cool you're coming over. I will ask tomorrow about a visit, the only thing is that Neil and the 2nd years are coming a few weeks before so I have to make sure I'm not pushing my luck!

All is going well here, I signed a contract the other day. It's pretty challenging but exciting too!

How was the WIP show?

LizzieI didn't get a new message... but I really hope to see you guys. Which day are you in Rotterdam? That is probably the best place for me to intersect.

There's always time for a beer!

LizzieHey Steve,

I tried to send you an e-mail but got a delivery error - do you have a new address?

Anyways, you'll probably know I'm coming over later this month so hope to catch up - how's Weegie land?

Cheers,

LizzieMaybe the GSA spam filter thinks lust.nl is a porn site! It's happened before! You can't even view our website in the Apple Store...

That's a shame you won't be there, but next time. I'm totally up for coming over more - I enjoy working on something different for a while. It's a pretty straightforward trip too.

ok,speak soon.

LizzieWoop woop, Guten Geburtstag!

Are you going out for a nice civilized dinner tonight or getting out your face on Apple Soorz? Either way, I hope you have fun!

I won't be able to come through on Sat... I have my dissertation draft due in after the weekend so am anticipating a house bound week. Would have loved to though. 

I'd also really like to see you through here... 4th year has turned into a but of a whirlwind but we must make time for a pint or something.

Peace and Love, Lizzard xxLucy Hollis!Hope you had a good xmaz time, can you send me your current email address? I think I have the wrong one.for a wedding invite, ding dong ;)oh of course! It was supposed to say Lucy + guest on your envelope, but maybe my Mum forgot, she posted the UK onescan't wait for the ceilidh, i mean the wedding ;)ps: Super impressed with what you guys are doing with EtchHi Joe,

Sorry I've net been in touch... been a bit hectic. I'd love to be on the blog, too late?

If not, what should I submit to you?

Cheers,

Lizziehey smelly.......a fortnight off, yaaaaaaaaaaaaay! we should go somewhere, to a hotel for a night, oh or london for shopping!not on a date though sorry, erin. I 'm sure you'll get over me.yeh a nice one from last minute.com....have a lookyI got a plan, lets go stay a night in a nice hotel in Newcastle, we can get the train down in the morning, do a bit o' shopping then go out at night. We should get Steph and maybe a friends to come too, it can be her introduction to her new hometown, also it's fun when there's more people. JAAAAAAAH.Alright drunkard! Hows the lip?

Bad news kinda, spoke to Rennie and he might need me to start the week of the Hope... I'm not sure when he'll let me know for sure. should know in the next week though, it all depends if they get this particular pitch, he's gonna get someone else if I don't do it. 

Boo.boo.boo, just keeping you in the loop

Keep working hard and learning the periodic table, I'll keep drawing naked people!

Lizzie xboooooooooooo. He wants me to start on the 15th. I can't really afford not to. Mum and dad wont pay. I'm am sorry for messing you about but I'm also sorry for me because i don't get to go. Maybe you can send him hate mail...:(

Can we meet for a drink?

Peace out,

Lizzie xHey fanny baws,

Just got a new Mac today... soooooooo good.

I'm leaving glasgow on Sat morning with my dad, going to be mega busy until then, fancy a coffee/drink in Glas? Maybe Thursday? or you going to be in edinburgh this weekend?

Peace

Lizzie xYeah Thursday on Ashton is good, I'll call you during the day...ooh pretty mac, it's so pretty

by the way, it's pretty

Lizzie x

prettyAre you going to the Hope?

Lizzer xGeorgie asked me the other day,

I am really keen but I'm meant to start work for Rennie in London on the 29th so I think it'll all be too much stuff to organise, boo to working! I need to earn money though, America is frikking expensive!!

How was st andrews?It will be fineee, just keep studying hard and make up for it in another one?

I am going crazy with work here... NO MORE ART. I hand everything in on Tuesday so will get very drunk for 5 days then fly home on Sunday... Arg! I'm going to stay in Edinburgh for Mon and Tues then come back to Glas, whens your last exam? I am so bummed I can't come to the hope.... boooooooooo. I want mountains.

Peace and love and revision,

Lizzie xHello hello sorry for being such a RUBBISH friend and not calling you on your birthday.

In my defense I was up a mountain with no signal but should have got in touch since. 

I have a wee pressie for you and we should meet for din dins so I can give it to you, how does ad lib sound? Next week, thursday?

Liz Biz xOh lord that is too cute, I turn into a big pile of girly mush when I see a baby or a puppy. Such a wimp.

Yeah be in touch next week, 2 figs looks good and I haven't been there before.

Peace and love,

Liz Biz xWell done, Mrs masters, do you get any letters after your name?

hows home? will you be around at xmas?

xxHaha, I had to ask my mum what a Mulberry was. I thought it was phone.

Living here is really good, I like it a lot. The job is great and people are really sound. My flat is ok, not the nicest but right next to the beach which is lovely.

I'm due home on 23rd Dec permanently. I don't think they need any permanent designers so I'm going to have to pull something pretty special to get them to take me on after Christmas. I totally would though!

What kind of job you looking for, a real one?? !!

Miss you,

Lizzie xWell, as much as I disapprove (do you know how much climbing kit you can buy for that!) I suppose you deserve it!

Glad you are home at Christmas, I was getting concerned that you would be in Australia and we wouldn't have any vegging out in front of some cheesy movies time.

Yes Dutch hotties... ish. I am going on a date with the guy from the bank who opened my account, he asked me out... so funny but I though what the hell! I'll let you know how it pans out!

You out tonight?

Peeeeeeace xeriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin!
Wassup? Are you going out partying tomorrow night after a hard week's work? If not - how about you pick me up from the airport :) I'm coming back for 5 days but haven't told mum and dad ha ha. I want to ring the bell and surprise them. Never mind if you can't though - fancy spiegletent drinks one night? Lizzzzzzzzzzzzie xxyeah tonight - i'll be out of passport control at 22.40.... quite late so don't worry if you are tucked up in your pyjamas. You can decide whenever my number is +31681879473 - just text me if you are coming. Looking good at the wedding by the way - mooie jurk!yay! you are a legend - it mean nice dress!yo yo, Yeah I had a nice day, lots of cocktails and then pizza and movies to recover on Sunday...

I'm back on 9th August with 4 friends (and boyfriend Dan :)) so you must come over and meet everyone.

We'll be boozing it up in the festival until 16th

Hope you're all well,

Liz Biz xha! Yeah it's actually my colleague, we were having a secret relationship but we just told everyone at work last week. They were cool about it and it's nice to be open! Actually, you'll probably get along because he hates sports and loves bad American sit-coms :)

Have fun in NY and we'd love to come to the flat-warming. We are going to the tattoo that night but could just come later.

Peaaaace out,

Liz Biz xyo yo 0681879473 xxyes I am - sounds goood, give me a buzz in the morning when you're up?hmmm - I think I actually rther see les mishaha - ok deal as long as I'm allowed sweeties.it's on at 13.00 or 15.30,

I'm easy either way.

xyo yo - i don't think so actually. I'm teaching tomorrow then away on Tuesday morning. Back in May though for a week with Dan though. We can  all go out together - lolz.

Hope you're good :)

Lizzard xI'll make sure of it! Maybe your mum and you would like to have a coffee in town together at some point? we are going shopping on SatAHAHAHAHAHAthat made my dayso good.remember when your dad found me totally wasted locked out my house with a massive bump on my head because I hit my head on a table football tableERIN!

You are a real life accountant now aren't you? Does this mean you can give me business advice? 

Home next weekend btw....yeah, that would be great. On the Sunday? I guess you'll be working on the Monday and Tuesday? liz bizzzzYo! We tried to drop by the party on Saturday but I guess there was some phone problems. Be in touch, Lizzie xxI hear you're going to see 1Direction tomorrow night.i hear they're into smoking the weed nowYeah great, we have plans for the afternoon, are you working tomorrow? Liz bizI don't think we can make it this morning. We are really bad at this! What time are you back on Sunday? XYes! Then I am home for a few weeks actually. Until then! Xx(image reference: messages/stickers/126361874215276.png)Wow, these emojis are weirdBack on the 19th(image reference: messages/stickers/126361890881941.png)Fat baby faceOk, better go, until Christmas!I am in a random cabin in the woods so the details will have to wait, but very exciting! You'll have to help me plan it. All I know is I want a big ceilidh, xxxHiiiii, getting married, aaaaaarg! How I am going to plan this I don't know. I'm going to have to find a dress  you can helpYeah I think May? Or June? My mum has gone bananas!Oh godERIIIINNNNwhat's you're email addressfor a "save the date":)hahawell it's July 2ndso don't go on hoilday!I hope you're mum is going to make the cake* yourwowa BABYa real live BABY?I'd kill it* by accidentmy mum is already waiting for me to say I'm pregnantYeah that sounds fun although I have LITERALLY the worst hangover today. I'm dying and I want someone to take it awayyyyy. I can't even go and hide in my bed because it's our last day with dans parents. Oh the regrets! Just about to go to the airport so wish me luck! Hope you had a good Christmas, xxxWatching freaky Friday!Reminds me of cinema passes!Hey hey, around today or tomorrow to have a quick chat about what is required to make my face pretty for the big day ? I'm not leaving until 6 tomorrow xxxYeah, sounds perfect. You can see the drawing of the dress and get your invite! Also feeling quite rough today  so probably not a good time to do make upPerfect, are you then* seeHi hi hi hi!will you be about on Friday 13th May (late afternoon) or Sunday 15th May for some make up purchasing?gotta make me look pretty!no, Sat would be ok, it's my Dad's bday but should be fine.... should we meet in town or go in the car?How was Boston the last time?BUSINESS CLASSNah, it's fucking hailstoning here todayno chanceliterally like Game of Throneshaha, superwtf erinhahahaI thought he started some shit metal bandayeeee, ok shall I just be in touch closer to the day to pick a time? I'm pretty flexiyeah, probs best in the morningAny chance you can do 2pm onwards on Sat?Hi hi hi, the dress wasn't ready to try on yesterday! Arg! So we have to go today at 3. Doesn't leave much time. Do you think that waiting until a week before the wedding is too short notice? Probably not, right? Although I've been told that I don't know that much about these thingsIt is bloody hot in NL right now!My mum is raging that I'm getting a tshirt tanYea everything else went well, got my hair done and everythingGuessHahah, yesWith ivy bitsAnd a pleatAnd I'm going to hold a real live white doveJkTru dat, the hairdresser told me she has bridal parties that all come in wearing matching tracksuitsMy oh myYeah and a spareI like to have different colors, it's cool. Ok my mum has made me some eggs now, be in touch?Me too!Have fun in USA!Hiiiiiidamnit! you got to me before I got to you, I was going to mail you later today:)We arrive on Friday late, do you have time on Sunday at all? Or any evening during the week, we could go to the Gyle.... or is that too shitty ;)Monday lunch is probs a good time to buy stuff, don't think there is anything planned for that daywhat time do you normally take a break?i think we decided on mixed (?) for the skin type, oily t-zonekool, I am also free all day – shall we say 12:30?suprI'm gonna look ⭐️⭐️⭐️:)I nearly slipped getting out the swimming pool this morning – I was like shiiiiiiiitbride with a castStill on for tomorrow?Cooool, 12:30 or 13:00?Both are  for moiYes, see you at Frasers at 12:30!Just sitting in Costa in FrasersWould you like to come to pizza express with us after the makeup tomorrow eve?Of course not!My mum says "we've already got Tesco tokens!"Not sure how pizza express makes anyAnd Robbie is very welcome too!Okey dokey!Erin! Dan and I are drunkenly looking at wedding photos, thank you for helping me! XxHaha yes, as you can tell I was rather drunk!So I'm moving back to Scotland!Erin! Are you back from Tokyo? Looks pure amazin'Dan and I are back in Scotland, currently working out of my parents small spare room... cozylolzLet's meet for a drink? Dan and I also have some accountancy questions which I'm sure you'll LOVE to answer:Dmostly about our new company – we're deliberating what time to getoh man! jetsetter* what type to getprobably LLC, in case we get suedbut mostly I'd just like to hang out! Hopefully we can squeeze in a quick pint before you fly off againWaaaaaaaa! Joining the married club then!?!? Happy for you guys, Robbie seems like a  guyNews travels fast on Lockharton Avenue btwHahahaMums, lolWell we definitely need to have a drink soon nowOh I knew that was on the cards but not that it was actually happening, that's pretty f**king cool!When does it start?Wow!Ha!If you like it then you better put a ring on it!Ooooh sounds goodMight go today to cure this hannnngHaaaaaapy Birthday! XxHalooo! So when is the wedding? Ps. Now that I say that I hope I am invited!Exciting! A winter wedding!(Dan just said that btw)Oooooh, nice!Erin! Do you work for Standard Life?I thought so... Dan has to move some investments out of the US, so we thought about going to SL to re-invest it in the U.K.But that's literally not your department I guess!I can tell you it's a MASSIVE hassle having an American husbandInteresting. Not going to pretend I know what an SLI fund is thoughI'll check out Hargreaves thoughAhhh okCool, looking at the site now, I'll set up a consultationthanks for the advice!we want to get a house soon too eekyeah, here for good :)when are you next back?lol – that pool looks amazing thoughmy mum was telling me Robbie got stuck on a stag do that he didn't even want to go onI know all about your life from herok gotta go to Sainbury's (which Dan annoyingly calls Sainsberries)it is not a fruit Dangimme a shout when you are back?hey if you go to DC, check out Dan's brothers restaurant:https://www.goodsilverdc.com/and his bar:http://www.ivyandconey.com/Karen! I just saw you on the race, you were just ahead of me because I saw you just before the turn at the end, are you hanging about the finish somewhere?Dad is picking me up but I'm waiting for a friend to finish still, well done and enjoy the gin! It was so hot at the beginning I was  like a mofoHi Johnny,

It's Lizzie here, Judith's friend from Hogmany at Spean Bridge.

The sad time has come that I'm attempting to log all the Munros I've done and I can't remember what we did on new years eve... The antics of the evening that followed have apparently wiped a few facts away!

I thought you might be able to recall... were they even Munros? Maybe just Corbetts.

Anyway hope you're well!

Lizzie xHey Jonathan,

Yeah I'm heading up to Fort William tomorrow for some ice climbing for a few days before I meet you guys in Spean so have all kit packed etc, can't wait!

Nearly didn't make it to Christmas after a mega epic on the North face of Nevis last weekend, blizzard came in and added to an already massive cornice so we were stuck in a gully for a LONG time! Very very fun though overall.

Looking forward to getting as much outdoor time in as possible before back to the grey-ness of glasgow land. I have 3 axes and 2 sets of crampons that other people can borrow too,

Peace,

Lizzie xYou guys got any plans for New Years, I want to seee you!

Lizzie xYeaaah, count me in, Marta also has a free house so we can flat hop or go to a club later.

I'm just popping through to see Em just now,

Look forward to seeing you!huzzah! Shall we make dinner plans then? I can bring a course. Lizzie xYes I agree, I crave something that won't bring on a heart attack. I'll make a dessert. It might even have a bit of fruit in it.Hello, not sure who else is on the TEAM but the auction website is up, let me know any errors/amends.

www.viscom10.com/auction.html

PeeeeeeeeeaceYeah I spoke to Kate Sacco and she confirmed I have to do 12... so much work! I'm in the library trying to do my stupid stupid CRS, CR my aSS.

It's so good here though. I'm living up on Federal Hill in a really cheap place. It's nice to be in a different area, lots of nice bars etc up there.

Went up to Boston at the weekend, it's really great how close it is, I hope I have time go again!

Thanks for your reply, If you've got any golden advice I'd be happy to get it!

Cheers

Lizzieyo yo yo,

I forgot to say last night, at the stanley Kubrick archives I looked through shitloads of correspondance between him and Saul Bass, some of it hilarious.

I wrote down some good telegrams for you from Kubrick being really rude about Bass's ideas

"I think the colour treatment of the ad is terrible and I don't like the Cinerama treatment either STOP Sorry to be so blunt but I expected much more, regards SK

There was a whole bunch of stuff with them arguing and Bass not being paid on time etc

Liz Bizzwoooooooo, Grace the mountain goat!

You should come to Reiff before the summer for climbing fun times.

Glad to hear there is a Lizzie shaped hole in your world...? I'm having such a good time here, but I miss the crazy parties, they work a lot harder here... probably because of the $40,000 a year pricetag!

I'm still managing to drink enough booze though don't worry about me. I have a German friend who insists on beer at every possible occasion.

I've got Spring Break next week so you should call me then, or I can call you amigo.

Say a huge hello to everyone for me and crack some disgusting joke to Tash in my absence,

Miss you lots bum chum,

Liz Biz xxDoes posting on the wall send a message to everyone's inboxes?yooooowas pure awesome, did you recover from friday?back at werkits raaaaainingit was so cool to see everyonewill do ya plonker!CheersHello John boy,

I am on the hunt for an old tractor seat (or any industrial style seat) Do you know any farm equipment graveyards or any thoughts on how I could find one?

Hope school is dandy, give me a shout if you need any graphical help?

Lizzie xHello!About to go to church!I'll be on my best behaviour... ;)I was swimming at the YMCA this morning tooI was just about to ask, I think we will be done with presents about 10:30... So that is your 3:30pm, sound good?Miss you both! Libs xXyeah - I'm looking forward to some pentlands or beach time.it's a shame Dan can't stay longer too but he has to teachmini holiday!